FERRARI N.V.
2025 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F
1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Board Report 9
Board Of Directors 12
Independent Auditors 12
Letter from the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer 14
Introduction 18
Certain Defined Terms and Note on Presentation 18
Forward-Looking Statements 19
Creating Value for Our Shareholders 20
Risk Factors 21
Overview 47
Industry Overview 50
Overview of Our Business 53
Financial Overview 94
2026 Outlook 122
Major Shareholders 122
Corporate Governance 125
Sustainability Statement 175
ESRS 2 – General disclosures 179
EU Taxonomy 220
E1 – Climate Change 231
E2 – Pollution 249
E5 – Resource Use and Circular Economy 252
S1 – Own Workforce 258
S2 – Workers in the Value Chain 285
S3 – Affected Communities 291
4
TABLE OF CONTENTS
S4 – Consumers and End-users 296
G1 – Business Conduct 305
Risk Management Process and Internal Control System 319
Remuneration of Directors 327
Controls and Procedures 353
Financial Statements 357
Consolidated Financial Statements at and for the year ended December 31, 2025 359
Consolidated Income Statement 361
Consolidated Statement Of Comprehensive Income 362
Consolidated Statement Of Financial Position 363
Consolidated Statement Of Cash Flows 364
Consolidated Statement Of Changes In Equity 366
Notes To The Consolidated Financial Statements 367
Company Financial Statement at and for the year ended December 31, 2025 431
Income Statement/ Statement Of Comprehensive Income 433
Statement Of Financial Position 434
Statement Of Cash Flows 435
Statement Of Changes In Equity 436
Notes to the Company Financial Statements 438
Other Information 465
Additional Information for Netherlands Corporate Governance 465
Other Information 469
Additional Information 471
Notes 505
5
PART I
BOARD
REPORT
9
BBOOAARRDD RREEPPOORRTT
INDEX
Board Of Directors 12 Creating Value for Our Shareholders 20 Major Shareholders 122
Independent Auditors 12 Risk Factors 21 Corporate Governance 125
Letter from the Chairman Overview 47 Risk Management Process
and the Chief Executive Officer 14 and Internal Control System 319
Industry Overview 50
Introduction 18 Remuneration of Directors 327
Overview of Our Business 53
Certain Defined Terms Controls and Procedures 353
and Note on Presentation 18 Financial Overview 94
Forward-Looking Statements 19 2026 Outlook 122
11
12
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Executive Chairman
John Elkann
Chief Executive Officer
Benedetto Vigna
Vice Chairman
Piero Ferrari
Directors
Delphine Arnault
Francesca Bellettini
Eddy Cue
Sergio Duca
John Galantic
Tommaso Ghidini
Maria Patrizia Grieco
Adam Keswick
Mike Volpi
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
Deloitte Accountants B.V.
14
LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND THE CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Dear Shareholder,
Everything we’ve achieved together in 2025 In accordance with our plans, we have fur-
proves once again that Ferrari is so much ther enriched our line-up. Last year we added
more than a company – it is a living, breath- the Ferrari Amalfi, with its blend of elegance
ing embodiment of passion, innovation, and and power; the sensational performance
our relentless will to progress. Our compa- of the 849 Testarossa and 849 Testarossa
ny’s unique spirit comes directly from our Spider, and we gave the world a new bench-
founder Enzo Ferrari’s vision, and we hon- mark in driving thrills with the 296 Speciale
our his legacy every day by continuing to fol- and 296 Speciale A.
low his example: audaciously redefining the This unique and diversified range is tai-
limits of possible. lored to exceed the expectations of every
2025 was an important year of both new Ferrarista, and it expresses our ability to
beginnings and steadfast consistency. Our innovate while staying faithful to our identity.
financial results confirm a solid growth path, It also provides us with a robust competitive
with profitability sustained by a strong product advantage, enabling us to pursue a horizontal
mix. Revenues in 2025 increased to Euro 7,146 product diversification strategy while each
million, with an EBIT margin of 29.5%, and an model is produced in limited volumes to pre-
industrial free cash flow of Euro 1,538 million. serve Ferrari’s exclusivity.
On 9 October, at our Capital Markets Day On 9 October, we also presented our
we set out our new Strategic Plan, presenting plans for the M-TECH Alfredo Ferrari, an
the initiatives that will continue to drive our educational hub in Maranello that will inspire
brand’s success through to the end of the and train the next generations of engineers,
decade, always keeping the client at the center. technicians and innovators to advance the
We also proudly unveiled the technological automotive industry worldwide. This new ini-
heart of the Ferrari Luce. This model marks a tiative will be inaugurated in 2029 – the 100th
defining new chapter in our history. As a global anniversary of Scuderia Ferrari – and reflects
leader, we embrace the opportunity and our commitment to education, passed down
responsibility to interpret electric technology to us by Enzo Ferrari. More than a school,
in a way that is unmistakably Ferrari. M-TECH will be a social space and a cultural
We remain committed to offering our resource, reflecting our desire to give back
clients complete freedom of choice across to Italy and to our entire community.
powertrains. As with every Ferrari, the ambi- Also on Capital Markets Day, we reaf-
tion of this new model is unchanged: to stir firmed our journey towards decarbonisation
powerful emotions and deliver exceptional by 2030, in order to continue to be relevant
driving thrills. for the next generation. Our roadmap sets
out a holistic approach both on our own brand—each consistent with Ferrari’s DNA.
operations and along the Ferrari value chain. In 2025, the Ferrari Museums in Maranello
with a strong focus on circularity, especially and Modena welcomed almost 900,000 vis-
the use of recycled aluminium in our engines itors—a new attendance record. At Milan
and chassis. Furthermore, we are constantly Fashion Week, our catwalk collections gar-
increasing the use of renewable energy nered international acclaim, and we also pre-
sources, and collaborating with our dealer sented our new Collectibles line. Additionally,
network to sustain a steady progress in CO our Cavallino Restaurant in Maranello was
reduction. Each action reflects our ongoing awarded its first Michelin star. All these activ-
commitment to continuous improvement. ities embody the brand’s elevated style and
In racing, the 499P Hypercar delivered passion, combining a unique blend of tradi-
a landmark 2025 FIA World Endurance tion and innovation.
Championship season. Ferrari won both the
world Manufacturers’ and Drivers’ cham- We are committed to you, dear Shareholder,
pionship titles – the first time the Prancing and to our community. Ferrari has never cho-
Horse has secured this incredible overall sen the easy path; we choose the meaningful
victory since returning to the top class of one. We will keep attracting extraordinary
endurance racing in 2023. The 499P also people, and we will keep proving, year after
claimed a third consecutive Le Mans victory year, that Ferrari is unique. We carry this for-
in 2025 and the FIA World Cup for Hypercar ward together—all of us working for Ferrari.
Teams, completing an unprecedented chap- We will continue investing, innovating, and
ter in Ferrari endurance history. These tri- building — starting from our strategic plan
umphs do not come easily – they are the fruit presented at our Capital Markets Day. It is a
of relentless dedication from a cohesive, responsibility we embrace with pride. Enzo
united team. Ferrari believed that, in racing and in life, it’s
Our Formula 1 team has come through what lies ahead that truly matters. So, we al-
an intense season, one we would have hoped ways keep four wheels on the ground, and
would unfold differently. As we enter the new we are delighted and grateful to have you
championship under the new regulations, we with us on this journey.
do so with discipline, unity, and determination:
working as one team and giving everything
we have, true to the principles our Founder
instilled in us. February 19, 2026
Our racing spirit leads us to take on
new challenges and adventures – and with John Elkann
Hypersail we are preparing a revolutionary Executive Chairman
boat for an unprecedented new sporting
arena, the world of sailing. In 2026, we will Benedetto Vigna
continue to redefine the limits of possible Chief Executive Officer
on the water.
Back on land, our lifestyle initiatives
reached new heights. In line with our commit-
ment to providing our clients with an excep-
tional luxury experience, we engaged a wider
audience by offering new expressions of our
15
18
INTRODUCTION DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY
The SEC maintains an internet site that contains re-
ABOUT THIS REPORT ports, proxy and information statements, and other
information regarding issuers that file electronically
This document, referred to hereafter as the “Annual with the SEC, including the Company, at http://www.
Report and Form 20-F” or “Annual Report”, con- sec.gov. The address of the SEC’s website is provided
stitutes both the statutory annual report in accor- solely for information purposes and is not intended to
dance with Dutch legal requirements (“AFM Annual be an active link. Reports and other information con-
Report”) and the annual report on Form 20-F (“Form cerning the business of Ferrari may also be inspect-
20-F”), applicable to Foreign Private Issuers, pursu- ed at the offices of the New York Stock Exchange, 11
ant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the United States (“U.S.”) Wall Street, New York, NY 10005, United States.
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, of Ferrari N.V. for We also make our periodic reports as well as
the year ended December 31, 2025, except as noted other information filed with or furnished to the SEC
below. available, free of charge, through our website at
For the cross-references of the contents of this https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate as soon
document to the Form 20-F requirements please as reasonably practicable after those reports and
refer to the “Form 20-F Cross Reference” section other information are electronically filed with or fur-
included elsewhere in this document. nished to the SEC. The information on our website or
This Annual Report is filed with the Netherlands the website of any other entity is not incorporated by
Authority for Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële reference in this document.
Markten, the “AFM”). The following sections have been This document is a PDF copy of the Annual Report
removed for our Annual Report filing with the AFM: of Ferrari N.V. at and for the year ended December 31,
2025 and is not presented in the ESEF-format as
Form 20-F cover page; specified in the Regulatory Technical Standards
Corporate Governance — Differences between on ESEF (Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815). The
Dutch Corporate Governance Practices and official Annual Report of Ferrari N.V. in ESEF single
NYSE Listing Standards; reporting package, as filed with the AFM, is available
Report of Independent Registered Public on Ferrari’s website.
Accounting Firm in respect of Internal Control
over Financial Reporting for the SEC filing;
• Report of Independent Registered Public CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS AND NOTE
Accounting Firm in respect of the PCAOB audits ON PRESENTATION
of the financial statements for the SEC filing;
Exhibits;
Form 20-F Cross Reference, and CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS
Signatures.
In this report, unless otherwise specified, the terms
This Annual Report and the exhibits hereto are filed “we”, “our”, “us”, the “Group”, the “Company” and
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission “Ferrari” refer to Ferrari N.V., individually or togeth-
(“SEC”) and unless otherwise stated, all references in er with its subsidiaries as the context may require.
this document to “Form 20-F” refer to the SEC filing. References to “Ferrari N.V.” refer to the registrant.
The following sections have been removed for our In this report:
Form 20-F filing with the SEC:
“CA Auto Bank” means CA Auto Bank S.pA., formerly
Letter from the Chairman and the Chief Executive FCA Bank S.p.A. (“FCA Bank”), which, following the sale
Officer; by the Stellantis Group of its 50 percent ownership
2026 Outlook; interest in FCA Bank to Crédit Agricole Consumer
Corporate Governance — Disclosures pursuant Finance S.A. in April 2023, is a wholly owned subsidi-
to Decree Article 10 EU-Directive on Takeovers; ary of Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance S.A..
Corporate Governance — Responsibilities in re- “FCA” means Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V., subse-
spect to the Annual Report; quently reamed Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis”), following
Sustainability Statement; the merger with Peugeot S.A. in January 2021, the
Company Financial Statements; former Group holding the Ferrari business prior to
Other Information — Additional Information for completion of the separation in 2016. For information
Netherlands Corporate Governance, and relating to the separation, see “Overview—History of
Independent auditor’s report — Report on the the Company”.
audit of the financial statements included in the “FFS GmbH” Ferrari Financial Services GmbH, means
Annual Report in respect of the AFM filing. a German entity that offers retail client financing in
certain markets in EMEA (primarily the UK, Germany
and Switzerland). FFS GmbH is a Group’s partner-
ship with CA Auto Bank.
“MTA” means Mercato Telematico Azionario, sub- FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
sequently renamed Euronext Milan, where the
Company completed the listing of its common
shares on January 4, 2016. Statements contained in this Annual Report, par-
“NYSE” means the New York Stock Exchange. ticularly those regarding our possible or assumed
future performance, competitive strengths, costs,
NOTE ON PRESENTATION dividends, reserves and growth as well as indus-
try growth and other trends and projections, are
This Annual Report includes the consolidated financial “forward-looking statements” that contain risks
statements of Ferrari N.V. at December 31, 2025 and and uncertainties. In some cases, words such as
2024, and for the years ended December 31, 2025, “may”, “will”, “expect”, “could”, “should”, “intend”, “es-
2024 and 2023 prepared in accordance with the IFRS® timate”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “remain”, “continue”,
Accounting Standards (“IFRS Accounting Standards”) “on track”, “successful”, “grow”, “design”, “target”,
as issued by the International Accounting Standards “objective”, “goal”, “forecast”, “projection”, “outlook”,
Board (“IASB”), as well as IFRS Accounting Standards “prospects”, “plan”, “guidance” and similar expres-
as adopted by the European Union (throughout this sions are used to identify forward-looking state-
document references to IFRS Accounting Standards ments. These forward-looking statements reflect
refer to both IFRS Accounting Standards as issued the respective current views of Ferrari with re-
by the IASB and IFRS Accounting Standards as ad- spect to future events and involve significant risks
opted by the European Union, unless specified oth- and uncertainties that could cause actual results
erwise). There is no effect on these consolidated to differ materially from those indicated in the for-
financial statements resulting from differences be- ward-looking statements. Such risks and uncer-
tween IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the tainties include, without limitation:
IASB and IFRS Accounting Standards as adopted
by the European Union. The consolidated financial our ability to preserve and enhance the value of
statements and the notes to the consolidated finan- the Ferrari brand;
cial statements are referred to collectively as the our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel;
“Consolidated Financial Statements”. the success of our racing activities;
our ability to keep up with advances in high per-
BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE formance car technology, to meet the challeng-
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS es and costs of integrating electric technology,
more broadly into our car portfolio over time and
The Group’s financial information is presented in to make appealing designs for our new models;
Euro. In some instances, information is presented increases in costs, also as a result of increasing-
in U.S. Dollars. All references in this document to ly stringent fuel economy, emissions and safety
“Euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at standards, disruptions of supply or shortages of
the start of the third stage of European Economic components and raw materials;
and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the our ability to successfully carry out our controlled
Functioning of the European Union, as amended, and volume and growth strategy, while increasing
all references to “U.S. Dollars” and “$” refer to the our presence in growth market countries;
currency of the United States of America (the “United changes in general economic conditions (includ-
States” or the “U.S.”). ing changes in the markets in which we operate)
The language of this Annual Report is English. and changes in demand for luxury goods, includ-
Certain legislative references and technical terms ing high performance luxury cars, which is vol-
have been cited in their original language in order atile;
that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed macro events, pandemics and conflicts, includ-
to them under applicable law. ing the ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the
The financial data in the section “Financial Middle East region, and the related issues poten-
Overview” is presented in millions of Euro, while the tially impacting sourcing and transportation;
percentages presented are calculated using the trading policies and tariffs;
underlying figures in thousands of Euro. competition in the luxury performance automo-
Certain totals in the tables included in this docu- bile industry;
ment may not add due to rounding. changes in client preferences and automotive
Except as otherwise disclosed within this Annual trends;
Report, no significant change has occurred since the our ability to preserve the value of our cars over
date of the Consolidated Financial Statements. time and our relationship with the automobile
collector and enthusiast community;
disruptions at our manufacturing facilities in
Maranello and Modena;
climate change and other environmental im-
pacts, as well as an increased focus of regulators
and stakeholders on environmental matters;
19
20
• our ability to maintain the functional and efficient CREATING VALUE FOR OUR
operation of our information technology systems SHAREHOLDERS
and to defend against the risk of cyberattacks;
the ability of our current management team
to operate and manage effectively, and the reli- Ferrari is one of the world’s leading luxury brands,
ance upon a number of key members of execu- encompassing racing, sports cars and lifestyle.
tive management and employees; In each of these three dimensions, the Prancing
the performance of our dealer network Horse is a symbol of exclusivity, innovation and cut-
on which we depend for sales and services; ting-edge performance.
product warranties, product recalls and liability We are fiercely protective of our brand, which is
claims; among the most iconic and recognizable in the world,
the sponsorship and commercial revenues and and critical to our value proposition to our stakehold-
expenses of our racing activities, as well as the ers. We strive to maintain and enhance the power of
popularity of motor sports more broadly; our brand and the passion we inspire in clients and in
the performance of our lifestyle activities; our broader community of Ferrari lovers.
our ability to protect our intellectual proper- We pursue sustainable growth while preserving
ty rights and to avoid infringing the intellectual our uniqueness and rarity over the longer term in
property rights of others; everything we do.
changes in tax or fiscal policies and regulatory, In Sports Cars, we relentlessly focus on pre-
political and labor conditions in the jurisdictions serving product exclusivity and on nurturing our
in which we operate; client community. We strengthen this relationship
• our continued compliance with customs regula- by rewarding our loyal clients through a range of
tions of various jurisdictions; unique initiatives, such as driving events and unpar-
labor relations and collective bargaining allel activities worldwide. Most importantly, we offer
agreements; our most loyal and active clients preferential access
our ability to ensure that our employees, agents to our newest, most exclusive and highest value cars.
and representatives comply with applicable law In Racing, we compete at the pinnacle of motor-
and regulations; sport, always with the ambition to win, while expanding
exchange rate fluctuations, interest rate chang- into new racing arenas in order to continue to inspire
es, credit risk and other market risks; the dream, remain accessible to a broad audience,
our ability to service and refinance our debt; and sustain our relevance for generations to come.
our ability to provide or arrange for adequate ac- In Lifestyle, Ferrari designs and creates a selec-
cess to financing for our clients and dealers, and tion of personal luxury goods, collectibles and expe-
associated risks; riences that embody the brand’s unmistakable style
the adequacy of our insurance coverage to pro- and passion. We continue to enrich our client experi-
tect us against potential losses; ence and engage a wider audience by offering new
potential conflicts of interest due to director and expression of our brand that are each consistent
officer overlaps with our largest shareholders, with Ferrari’s DNA.
and Our commitment to excellence across all our
other factors discussed elsewhere in this products and our pursuit of innovation, state-of-the-
document. art performance and distinction in design, engineer-
ing and craftsmanship is inseparable from our com-
We expressly disclaim and do not assume any liabil- mitment to integrity, transparency and responsibility
ity in connection with any inaccuracies in any of the in conducting our business. By fully integrating envi-
forward-looking statements in this document or in ronmental and social considerations with economic
connection with any use by any third party of such objectives we are able to identify potential risks and
forward-looking statements. Actual results could capitalize on new opportunities, resulting in a pro-
differ materially from those anticipated in such cess of continuous improvement.
forward-looking statements. We do not undertake Sustainability is a core element of our governance
an obligation to update or revise publicly any for- model and executive management plays a direct and
ward-looking statements. active role in developing and achieving our sustain-
Additional factors which could cause actual ability objectives under the leadership of our Board
results and developments to differ from those of Directors. As a clear demonstration of this commit-
expressed or implied by the forward-looking state- ment, in October 2025 we strengthened the integration
ments are included in the section “Risk Factors” of environmental topics into our strategic plan, outlin-
of this Annual Report. These factors may not be ing our updated decarbonization strategy to 2030.
exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with The foundation of a responsible company rests
the other cautionary statements included in this on being fully attentive to the environment, the extent
Annual Report. You should evaluate all forward-look- of our interconnection with it, and our understand-
ing statements made in this report in the context of ing of both the potential effects of our activities and
these risks and uncertainties. how those effects can be mitigated through respon-
sible management.
All of the above is strictly linked to our purpose of au- RISK FACTORS
daciously redefining the limits of possible, as well as
to our values:
We face a variety of risks and uncertainties in our
INDIVIDUAL AND TEAM: Our talented individu- business. Those described below are not the only
als are our greatest resource. However, they risks and uncertainties that we face. Additional risks
can only pursue the extraordinary by working and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we
together as a team. By fostering integrity, excel- currently believe to be immaterial, may also become
lence and generosity, we give each of our people important factors that affect us.
the possibility to express their own full potential
- and to be part of something greater. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS,
TRADITION AND INNOVATION: Tradition and in- STRATEGY AND OPERATIONS
novation drive each other. The ongoing quest for
lasting firsts is what fuels the Ferrari legend. Our
ability to combine revolutionary technological WE MAY NOT SUCCEED IN PRESERVING AND
solutions with exceptional artisanal craftsman- ENHANCING THE VALUE OF THE FERRARI
ship is what enables us to create icons that stay BRAND, WHICH WE DEPEND UPON TO DRIVE
timeless in a fast-changing world. DEMAND AND REVENUES.
PASSION AND ACHIEVEMENT: Ferrari’s racing
spirit lives on in emotions that transcend the road Our financial performance is influenced by the per-
and the track, ultimately becoming an authentic ception and recognition of the Ferrari brand, which,
attitude towards life. Nothing excites us more in turn, depends on many factors such as the design,
than setting ambitious targets and expectations performance, quality and image of our cars, the suc-
- and then exceeding them, to push every bound- cess of our racing teams, the appeal of our dealer-
ary. It is how the power of passion becomes the ships and stores, the success of our promotional ac-
beauty of achievement. tivities including public relations and marketing, as
well as our general profile, including our brand’s im-
To ensure tangible long-term value creation and a age of exclusivity. The value of our brand and our abil-
continuing integration of our sustainability strategy, ity to achieve premium pricing for Ferrari-branded
we place particular emphasis on: products may decline if we are unable to maintain
the value and image of the Ferrari brand, including, in
A governance model based on transparency and particular, its aura of exclusivity. Maintaining the val-
integrity, fostering best practices; ue of our brand will depend significantly on our abil-
A safe and environmentally conscious work- ity to continue to produce luxury performance cars
place including excellent working conditions and of the highest quality. The market for luxury goods
the utmost respect for human rights; generally and for luxury automobiles in particular is
continuing professional development of our em- intensely competitive, and we may not be successful
ployees; in maintaining and strengthening the appeal of our
Mutually beneficial relationships with our busi- brand. Client preferences, particularly among lux-
ness partners and the communities in which we ury goods, can vary over time, sometimes rapidly.
operate; We are therefore exposed to changing perceptions
Mitigation of environmental impacts from our of our brand image, particularly as we seek to at-
production processes and products, addressing tract new generations of clients and, to that end, we
direct and indirect GHG emissions, focusing on continuously renovate and expand the range of our
energy and materials. models. Furthermore, we expect to continue inte-
grating electric engine technology into our product
portfolio, and the long-term response of our clients
to electric powertrains, as well as to other new tech-
nologies, remains unknown. Any failure to preserve
and enhance the value of our brand may materially
and adversely affect our ability to sell our cars, to
maintain premium pricing, and to extend the value of
our brand into other activities profitably or at all.
More broadly, our lifestyle strategy will continue
to increase the deployment of our brand in non-car
products and experiences, including a large variety
of Ferrari-branded accessories and apparel. If this
strategy is not successful, our brand image may be
diluted or tainted. We selectively license the Ferrari
brand to third parties that produce and sell Ferrari-
branded luxury goods and therefore we rely on our
licensing partners to preserve and enhance the value
21
22
of our brand. If our licensees or the manufacturers Championship were in 2007 and 2008, respective-
of these products do not maintain the standards of ly. If we are unable to attract and retain the neces-
quality and exclusivity that we believe are consis- sary talent to succeed in international competitions
tent with the Ferrari brand, or if such licensees or or devote the capital necessary to fund successful
manufacturers otherwise misuse the Ferrari brand, racing activities, the value of the Ferrari brand and
our reputation and the integrity and value of our the appeal of our cars and other luxury goods may
brand may be damaged and our business, operat- suffer. Even if we are able to attract such talent and
ing results and financial condition may be materially adequately fund our racing activities, there is no as-
and adversely affected. surance that this will lead to competitive success for
In addition, given the widespread use and influ- our racing teams.
ence of social media, Ferrari must maintain an The success of our racing teams depends in par-
effective presence on the principal established and ticular on our ability to attract and retain top drivers,
emerging platforms. If we cannot use these chan- racing team management and engineering talent.
nels cost-effectively, promote our products and Our primary Formula 1 drivers, team managers and
services efficiently, comply with applicable law and other key employees of Scuderia Ferrari are critical
regulations, or if our campaigns generate negative to the success of our Scuderia Ferrari racing team
attention, our brand and our operating results may and if we were to lose their services, this could have
be negatively impacted. In addition, any negative or a material adverse effect on our success and cor-
adverse publicity about us, whether truthful or not, respondingly the Ferrari brand. If we are unable to
could rapidly disseminate and harm the public’s per- find adequate replacements or to attract, retain and
ception, undermine customer confidence, as well incentivize drivers and team managers, other key
as negatively impact our business, results of opera- employees or new qualified personnel, the success
tions, and financial condition. of our racing teams may suffer. In addition, the caps
on spending imposed by the Formula 1 governing
IF WE ARE NOT ABLE TO ATTRACT AND RETAIN body may hinder our ability to restore our racing
QUALIFIED PERSONNEL, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE preeminence (See “Our revenues from Formula 1
TO MAINTAIN OUR COMPETITIVE POSITION OR activities may decline and our related expenses may
IMPLEMENT OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY. grow”). Because the success of our racing teams
forms a large part of our brand identity, a sustained
Our success depends, in part, on our continuing abil- period without racing success could detract from
ity to attract, recruit, develop and retain qualified tal- the Ferrari brand and, as a result, from potential
ent, as well as maintaining the right balance between clients’ enthusiasm for the Ferrari brand and their
internal resources and qualified suppliers to ensure perception of our cars, which could have an adverse
flexibility in our business operations and the availabil- effect on our business, results of operations and
ity of the skills and expertise required. Failure to do financial condition.
so effectively would adversely affect our business.
Competition to attract talented employees is intense, IF WE ARE UNABLE TO KEEP UP WITH
and there can be a limited availability of individuals ADVANCES IN HIGH PERFORMANCE CAR
with the requisite knowledge and relevant experi- TECHNOLOGY, OUR BRAND AND COMPETITIVE
ence. In addition, we may not succeed in instilling our POSITION MAY SUFFER.
corporate culture and values in our personnel and
we may not be able to attract, assimilate, develop or Performance cars are characterized by lead-
retain qualified personnel in the future. Failure to do ing-edge technology that is constantly evolving. In
so could adversely affect our business, including our particular, advances in racing technology often lead
ability to execute our global business strategy. to improved technology in road cars. Although we
invest heavily in research and development, we may
OUR BRAND IMAGE DEPENDS IN PART ON be unable to maintain our leading position in high
THE SUCCESS OF OUR RACING ACTIVITIES, performance car technology and, as a result, our
PARTICULARLY OUR FORMULA 1 TEAM. competitive position may suffer. As technologies
change, we plan to upgrade or adapt our cars and
The prestige, identity, and appeal of the Ferrari introduce new models in order to continue to pro-
brand depend in part on the success of our racing vide cars with the latest technology. However, our
activities, which are a key component of our mar- cars may not compete effectively with our compet-
keting strategy and may be perceived by our cli- itors’ cars if we are not able to develop, source and
ents as a demonstration of the technological capa- integrate the latest technology into our cars. For
bilities of our cars, which also support the appeal example, the market of luxury performance cars
of other Ferrari-branded luxury goods. In particu- has been increasingly moving towards the use and
lar, we are focused on improving the results of our implementation of hybrid and electric technology,
Scuderia Ferrari racing team in the Formula 1 World albeit at a slower pace compared to mass market
Championship and restoring our historical position vehicles. See “The introduction of electric technol-
as the premier racing team in Formula 1, as our most ogy in our cars is costly and its long-term success
recent Drivers’ Championship and Constructors’ is uncertain”. We expect that the future generation
24
of cars will feature a higher degree of connectivity evolution of aesthetics in our markets. Through the
for purposes of infotainment, safety and regulatory Ferrari Design Centre, our in-house design team, we
compliance, and the continued integration of con- devote great efforts to the design of our cars. If the
nectivity in our models may require significant in- design and functionality of our future models fails to
vestments in research and development. These in- meet the evolving tastes and preferences of our cli-
car features may need to be sourced externally and ents and prospective clients, or the appreciation of
integrated into the car technology, which may have, the wider public, our brand may suffer and our sales
among other things, a negative impact on our busi- may be adversely affected.
ness, results of operations, and financial condition.
Developing or acquiring and applying new auto- THE INTRODUCTION OF ELECTRIC
motive technologies is costly, and may become even TECHNOLOGY IN OUR CARS IS COSTLY AND ITS
more costly in the future as available technology LONG-TERM SUCCESS IS UNCERTAIN.
advances and competition in the industry increases.
If our research and development efforts do not lead We are introducing electric technology in our cars.
to improvements in car performance relative to our In October 2025, we started the three-phase launch
competitors, or if we are required to spend more to of our first full electric Ferrari, the Ferrari Luce,
achieve comparable results, the sales of our cars or with the presentation of its key technical compo-
our profitability may suffer. nents and product development strategy, which
was followed by the unveiling of the interior de-
IF OUR CARS DO NOT PERFORM AS EXPECTED sign and the announcement of the model’s name
OUR ABILITY TO DEVELOP, MARKET AND SELL in February 2026. In accordance with our strate-
OUR CARS COULD BE HARMED. gy, we believe electric technology, together with
hybrid and other advanced technologies, will be
Our cars may contain defects in design and man- key to expanding driving emotions and continuing
ufacture that may cause them not to perform as performance upgrades to our sports car custom-
expected or that may require repair. There can be ers, and will also help us capture the preferences
no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix of certain affluent car purchasers, while preparing
any defects in the cars prior to their sale to con- us to meet increasingly stricter emissions require-
sumers. Our cars may not perform in line with our ments. In the long-term, although we believe that
clients’ evolving expectations or in a manner that combustion engines will continue to be fundamen-
equals or exceeds the performance characteris- tal to the Ferrari driver experience for the fore-
tics of other cars currently available. For example, seeable future, hybrid and full electric cars may
our newer cars may not have the durability or lon- become an increasingly prevalent technology for
gevity of current cars, and may not be as easy to re- performance sports cars.
pair as other cars currently on the market. Hybrid The integration of electric technology more
and electric models, in particular, as well as cars broadly into our car portfolio over time may pres-
with higher infotainment and connectivity features, ent challenges and requires significant invest-
present novel challenges and may be more prone to ments. Although we expect to continue pricing our
malfunction in light of the new technology and func- cars appropriately to recoup the investments and
tionalities they include. Any product defects or any expenditures we are making to integrate electric
other failure of our performance cars to perform and other advanced technologies into our cars, we
as expected could harm our reputation and result cannot be certain that these expenditures will be
in adverse publicity, lost revenue, delivery delays, fully recovered or that they will be recovered with
product recalls, product liability claims, harm to our our desired margins. In addition, this transforma-
brand and reputation, and significant warranty and tion of our car technology may create risks and
other expenses, and could have a material adverse uncertainties with respect to the impact on driver
impact on our business, operating results and finan- experience and the potential obsolescence of core
cial condition. components which in turn may affect the residual
value of our cars. Other manufacturers of luxury
IF OUR CAR DESIGNS DO NOT APPEAL TO sports cars may also be more successful in imple-
CLIENTS, OUR BRAND AND COMPETITIVE menting electric technology.
POSITION MAY SUFFER. Because electric technology is a core component
of our strategy, and in the medium term we plan to
Design and styling are an integral component of our increase the portion of our shipments that feature
models and our brand. Our cars have historically vehicles with electric technology, if the introduction
been characterized by distinctive designs combining of electric cars proves too costly or is unsuccessful
the aerodynamics of a sports car with powerful, ele- in the market, our business and results of operations
gant lines. We believe our clients purchase our cars could be materially adversely affected. See also “If
for their appearance as well as their performance. we are unable to keep up with advances in high per-
However, we need to renew over time the style of formance car technology, our brand and competitive
our cars to differentiate the new models we pro- position may suffer”.
duce from older models, and to reflect the broader
NEW OR CHANGING LAWS, REGULATIONS and trucks. Significant legal challenges to this action
OR POLICIES OF GOVERNMENTAL are expected, contributing to ongoing regulatory
ORGANIZATIONS REGARDING, AMONG uncertainty.
OTHER THINGS, INCREASED FUEL ECONOMY In addition, we are subject to legislation relating
REQUIREMENTS, REDUCED GREENHOUSE GAS to the emission of other air pollutants such as, among
OR POLLUTANT EMISSIONS, VEHICLE SAFETY, others, the EU “Euro 6” standards and Real Driving
OR CONNECTIVITY REQUIREMENTS MAY HAVE Emissions (RDE) standards, the “Tier 3” Motor Vehicle
A SIGNIFICANT EFFECT ON OUR COSTS OF Emission and Fuel Standards issued by the EPA, and
OPERATION AND/OR HOW WE DO BUSINESS. the Zero Emission Vehicle regulation in California,
which are subject to similar derogations for Small
We are subject throughout the world to comprehen- Volume Manufacturers (“SVMs”). We lost our status as
sive and constantly evolving laws, regulations and an SVM for the United States National Highway Traffic
policies. We expect the extent of the legal and regu- Safety Administration (“NHTSA”) in 2019 because our
latory requirements affecting our business and our global production exceeded 10,000 vehicles, but we
costs of compliance to continue to increase signifi- have not lost our SVM status for EU CO regulations
cantly in the future. Failure to comply with applicable or for EPA GHG regulations in the United States. In
laws and regulatory requirements, in addition to the 2022, 2023, 2024, and 2025 our global production
fines it may attract, may negatively impact our busi- exceeded 10,000 vehicles again and therefore we
ness, results of operations and financial condition as were no longer considered a SVM by the NHTSA for
well as our reputation. the model years (“MYs”) 2022, 2023, 2024, and 2025.
In Europe and the United States, for example, We purchased the corporate average fuel economy
significant governmental regulation is driven by (“CAFE”) credits needed to fulfill our MY 2022 and MY
environmental, fuel economy, vehicle safety, noise 2023 deficits. However, in July 2025, the U.S. Congress
emission and connectivity concerns. Evolving reg- enacted the “One Big Beautiful Bill Act,” a compre-
ulatory requirements could significantly affect our hensive budget reconciliation package that, among
product development plans and may limit the num- other measures, effectively removed civil penalties
ber and types of cars we sell and where we sell for manufacturers violating CAFE standards to $0.
them, which may affect our revenue and profitability. As a result, we are closely monitoring ongoing reg-
Governmental regulations may increase the costs ulatory developments to determine whether further
we incur to design, develop and produce our cars purchases of credits will be necessary. We could lose
and may affect our product portfolio. Regulation our status as an SVM in the EU, the United States and
may also result in a change in the character or per- other countries if we do not continue to meet all of the
formance characteristics of our cars, which may necessary eligibility criteria under applicable regula-
render them less appealing to our clients. We antici- tions as they evolve, not only in relation to volumes
pate that the number and extent of these regulations, but also in relation to the conditions of operational
and their effect on our cost structure and product independence. In order to meet these criteria we
line-up, will increase significantly in the future. may need to modify our growth plans or other oper-
In the United States, there has been increas- ations. Furthermore, even if we continue to benefit
ing focus on emissions and pollution regulations in from derogations as an SVM, we may have a substan-
recent years. New regulations are in the process of tial impact on our financial results.
being developed, and many existing and potential As the state of California has been granted
regulatory initiatives are subject to review by federal special authority under the Clean Air Act to set its
or state agencies or the courts. However, the recent own vehicle emission standards, the California Air
change in the administration introduces consider- Resources Board (“CARB”) enacted regulations
able uncertainty on future changes. In April 2024, under which manufacturers of vehicles for cer-
the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) tain model years that are in compliance with the
released its Multi Pollutant Emissions Standards for EPA greenhouse gas emissions regulations are
Model Years 2027 and Later Light Duty and Medium also deemed to be in compliance with California’s
Light Vehicles final rule (the “MPES-27”), introducing, greenhouse gas emission regulations (the so-called
among other requirements, stricter emission stan- “deemed to comply” provision). These regulations
dards (e.g., particulate matter). While several special have evolved over time. In 2018, the CARB amended
provisions for SVMs have been retained from the its existing regulations to clarify that the “deemed
initial 2023 proposal, the GHG alternative standards to comply” provision would not be available for cer-
have been completely eliminated from the adopted tain MYs if the EPA standards for those years were
rules. In March 2025, EPA indicated it was reassess- altered via an amendment of federal regulations
ing aspects of the MPES-27, and in December 2025 and, in 2019, EPA announced a decision to withdraw
it indicated it was considering delaying their imple- California’s waiver of preemption under the Clean
mentation and enforcement. In February 2026, EPA Air Act. In this decision, the EPA also affirmed the
revoked its 2009 Endangerment Finding, which had NHTSA’s authority to set nationally applicable regu-
served as the foundation for federal regulation of latory standards under the preemption provisions
GHGs under the Clean Air Act, and repealed existing of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (EPCA).
federal GHG emission standards applicable to cars On March 9, 2022, the EPA rescinded its withdrawal
25
26
of the waiver for California’s light-duty vehicle GHG resolutions. In parallel, in June 2025, the Governor of
and zero emission vehicle (ZEV) standards. California California issued an executive order mandating the
and Section 177 states may again enforce those stan- CARB to begin developing future state emissions
dards. Subsequently, CARB clarified that the com- regulations, reaffirming California’s commitment to
pliance with CARB’s GHG regulations is expected advancing zero-emission technologies and further
from MY 2021 for all manufacturers. Ferrari meets reducing greenhouse gas and pollutant emissions.
the requirements to be classified as an SVM based Ferrari continues to closely monitor these regula-
on the relevant regulations in the state of California. tory developments and related proceedings. These
Therefore, in 2023, in agreement with CARB, Ferrari developments further contribute to the current
petitioned for SVM 2021-2025 alternative standards. regulatory uncertainty in the United States, partic-
In July 2024, we received official approval from ularly regarding the future direction of emissions
CARB. In June 2025, the U.S. President signed cer- standards at both the federal and state levels.
tain resolutions under the Congressional Review In relation to the safety legislation framework,
Act invalidating, among other things, the EPA waiv- in 2024, NHTSA published a new regulation on
ers granted to the CARB with respect to emission Automatic Emergency Braking Systems, requir-
standards from MY 2026 onward. In response, the ing vehicles to be equipped with systems that alert
CARB initiated legal proceedings to challenge such drivers of imminent collisions and automatically
apply brakes if necessary. Additionally, NHTSA pub- affect our product development plans. Under these
lished an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking existing regulations, as well as new or stricter rules
as a first regulatory step to introduce a new Federal or policies, we could be subject to sizable civil penal-
Motor Vehicle Safety Standards (“FMVSS”) regula- ties or have to restrict or modify product offerings
tion providing requirements for pedestrian protec- drastically to remain in compliance. We may have to
tion. These regulatory updates will likely introduce incur substantial capital expenditures and research
US-specific requirements, compelling manufactur- and development expenditures to upgrade prod-
ers to develop tailored design solutions. The costs ucts and manufacturing facilities, which would have
of compliance associated with these and similar an impact on our cost of production and results of
rulemaking may be substantial. operations.
Other governments around the world, such as In the future, the advent of self-driving technol-
those in Canada, South Korea, China and certain ogy may result in regulatory changes that we cannot
Middle Eastern countries, are also creating new pol- predict but may include limitations or bans on human
icies to address these issues which could be even driving in specific areas. In 2020 the European
more stringent than the U.S. or European require- Commission issued its new digital strategy policies
ments. As in the United States and Europe, these gov- and in 2022 its new digital strategy, which represent
ernment policies if applied to us could significantly a priority in the European Commission’s regulatory
agenda. Through the publication of several regula- WE DEPEND ON OUR SUPPLIERS, MANY OF
tions, such as the Cyber Resilience Act EU 2024/2847, WHICH ARE SINGLE SOURCE SUPPLIERS,
the European Commission has showed a determina- AND IF THESE SUPPLIERS FAIL TO DELIVER
tion to strengthen Europe’s digital sovereignty and NECESSARY RAW MATERIALS, COMPONENTS,
role as a standard setter, with a clear focus on data, PARTS, SYSTEMS, SERVICES OR
technology, and infrastructure. INFRASTRUCTURE OF APPROPRIATE QUALITY
In June 2024, the European Union adopted the IN A TIMELY MANNER, OUR OPERATIONS MAY
Artificial Intelligence Act (“AI Act”), setting harmo- BE DISRUPTED.
nized rules for trustworthy AI development and
use across the EU. This legislation could be particu- Our business depends on a significant number of
larly relevant to the automotive sector, influencing suppliers that provide the raw materials, compo-
the development of self-driving technologies and nents, parts, systems, services and infrastructure
advanced driver-assistance systems. we require to manufacture cars and parts and to op-
Similarly, driving bans on combustion engine erate our business, and some of these suppliers may
vehicles could be imposed, particularly in metro- face financial difficulties as a result of the ongoing
politan areas, as a result of progress in electric and transformation and challenges in the global automo-
hybrid technology. Several other regulations are also tive industry. We use a variety of raw materials in our
emerging to take into account the non-exhaust emis- business, including aluminum, and precious metals
sions such as brakes and tires particulate emissions such as palladium and rhodium. We source materi-
and the environmental impact of the electric and als from a limited number of suppliers. We cannot
hybrid vehicles components, with a particular focus guarantee that we will be able to maintain access to
on batteries and waste batteries. these raw materials, and in some cases this access
In July 2024, the European Union adopted the may be affected by factors outside of our control
Ecodesign for Sustainable Products Regulation and the control of our suppliers. In addition, prices
(“ESPR”) setting new standards for product sus- for these raw materials fluctuate and while we seek
tainability, ensuring that products sold in the EU are to manage this exposure, we may not be successful
designed with environmental considerations. While in mitigating these risks.
Ferrari already aims to design cars with durability, As with raw materials, we are also at risk of supply
recyclability, and energy efficiency, this regulation disruption and shortages in parts and components
will introduce additional requirements, including we purchase for use in our cars. We source a vari-
the implementation of enhanced transparency mea- ety of key components from third parties, including
sures (e.g., a digital product passport). transmissions, brakes, driving-safety systems, navi-
In the evolving regulatory landscape, we antic- gation systems, mechanical, electrical and electronic
ipate new regulations restricting or banning the parts, plastic components as well as castings and
use of materials critical to our production. The EU is tires, which makes us dependent upon the suppliers
expanding its regulatory framework for chemicals of such components. In coming years, we will also
as part of its zero-pollution goal under the European require a greater number of components for hybrid
Green Deal. This includes new rules to enhance the and electric engines as we continue to deploy hybrid
circularity of the automotive sector and extend and electric technology in our cars, and we expect
manufacturers’ responsibility for end-of-life vehi- producers of these components will be called upon
cle management. Such regulatory shifts may sig- to increase the levels of supply as the shift to hybrid
nificantly impact material choices in our business, or electric technology gathers pace in the industry.
necessitating substantial R&D efforts. We expect While we obtain components from multiple sources
these changes to lead to significantly increased whenever possible, similar to other small volume car
costs and potential adjustments to our supply manufacturers, most of the key components we use
chain. Furthermore, we are observing a general in our cars are purchased by us from single source
fragmentation of requirements both globally and suppliers. We generally do not qualify alternative
within markets (e.g., individual states in the United sources for most of the single-sourced components
States), which could further complicate operational we use in our cars and we do not maintain long-
efficiency. term agreements with a number of our suppliers.
To comply with current and future environmen- Furthermore, we have limited ability to monitor the
tal rules in all markets in which we sell our cars, we financial stability of our suppliers.
may have to incur substantial capital expenditure and While we believe that we may be able to estab-
research and development expenditure to upgrade lish alternate supply relationships and can obtain
products and manufacturing facilities, which would or engineer replacement components for our sin-
have an impact on our cost of production and results gle-sourced components, we may be unable to do so
of operations. in the short term, or at all, at prices or costs that we
For a description of the regulations referred to in believe are reasonable. Qualifying alternate suppli-
the paragraphs above please see “Overview of Our ers or developing our own replacements for certain
Business—Regulatory Matters”. highly customized components of our cars may be
time consuming, costly and may force us to make
costly modifications to the designs of our cars.
27
28
Moreover, as the lifecycle of several components disrupt our normal production processes, thereby
becomes shorter in light of the technological shift harming the quality or volume of our production.
affecting the industry, a number of the components Furthermore, if our suppliers fail to provide com-
we use in our production processes may become in ponents in a timely manner or at the level of quality
the near term obsolete, which will require us to im- necessary to manufacture our cars, our clients may
plement new procurement strategies. Those strate- face longer waiting periods which could result in neg-
gies may not be successful and we may not be able ative publicity, harm our reputation and relationship
to source new components in a timely manner or with clients and have a material adverse effect on our
at competitive prices, and our results of operations business, operating results and financial condition.
may be adversely affected.
The potential loss of any single or limited source OUR CONTROLLED VOLUME STRATEGY MAY
supplier or the disruption in the supply of compo- LIMIT POTENTIAL PROFITS, AND IF VOLUMES
nents from these suppliers could lead to delays in car INCREASE OUR BRAND EXCLUSIVITY MAY BE
deliveries to our clients, which could adversely affect ERODED.
our relationships with our clients and also materially
and adversely affect our operating results and finan- A key to the appeal of the Ferrari brand and our
cial condition. The supply of raw materials, parts and marketing strategy is the aura of exclusivity and the
components may also be disrupted or interrupted sense of luxury which our brand conveys. A cen-
by natural disasters, or by unexpected fluctuations tral facet to this exclusivity is the limited number of
in market demand and supply, such as the global models and cars we produce and our strategy of
shortage of semiconductors that has in the recent maintaining our car waiting lists to reach the optimal
past impacted the automotive industry in particular. combination of exclusivity and client satisfaction.
If any major disasters occur, such as earthquakes, Our controlled volume strategy is also an important
fires, floods, hurricanes, wars, terrorist attacks, pan- factor in the prices that our clients are willing to pay
demics or other events, our supply chain may be for our cars. This focus on maintaining exclusivity
disrupted, which may stop or delay production and limits our potential sales growth and profits, includ-
shipment of our cars. The ongoing conflict between ing compared to manufacturers less reliant on the
Russia and Ukraine, and the resulting geopolitical exclusivity of their products, and may result in ad-
tensions have had a significant impact on the global verse perceptions of our growth prospects, which
economy. The conflict continues and the timing of may ultimately impact our business, results of oper-
any resolution is highly uncertain. Many govern- ations and financial condition.
ments around the world, including those of the United On the other hand, our controlled volume strat-
States, the European Union and Japan, have imposed egy contemplates a measured increase in shipments
sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in above current levels as we target a larger customer
Russia as well as enhanced export controls on certain base and modes of use, we increase our focus on
industries and products, including luxury goods, and periodically rejuvenating our customer base and
the exclusion of certain Russian financial institutions creating new Ferrari collectors, and our product
from the SWIFT system. Developments in the conflict portfolio evolves with a broader product range. We
and in related sanctions and export controls, could sold 13,640, 13,752, and 13,663 cars in 2025, 2024,
adversely affect, directly or indirectly, our supply and 2023, respectively, compared to 7,255 cars in
chain, with negative implications on the availability and 2014, the year before our initial public offering, and
prices of raw materials, and our customers. See also sales are expected to continue to increase gradually
“We are subject to risks related to epidemics, pandem- in line with our controlled volume strategy.
ics or other public health crises that may materially In pursuit of our strategy, we may be unable to
and adversely affect our business” for a discussion of maintain the exclusivity of the Ferrari brand. If we are
widespread public health crises which may affect our unable to balance brand exclusivity with increased
supply chain directly or indirectly. production, we may erode the desirability and ulti-
Changes in our supply chain have in the past mately the consumer demand or relative pricing for
resulted and may in the future result in increased our cars. If we are unable to increase car production
costs and delays in car production. We have also expe- meaningfully or introduce new car models without
rienced cost increases from certain suppliers in order eroding the image of exclusivity in our brand we may
to meet our quality targets and development timelines be unable to significantly increase our revenues.
and because of design changes that we have made,
and we may experience similar cost increases in the THE SMALL NUMBER OF CAR MODELS WE
future. We are negotiating with existing suppliers for PRODUCE AND SELL MAY RESULT IN GREATER
cost reductions, seeking new and less expensive sup- VOLATILITY IN OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS.
pliers for certain parts, and attempting to redesign
certain parts to make them less expensive to pro- We depend on the sales of a small number of car mod-
duce. If we are unsuccessful in our efforts to control els to generate our revenues. Our current product
and reduce supplier costs while maintaining a stable portfolio (including cars presented in 2025, for which
source of high-quality supplies, our operating results shipments will commence in future years) consists of
will suffer. Additionally, cost reduction efforts may nine Range models, four Special Series models and
our latest Supercar. Despite our expanded offering, a and to sustain existing car models is affected by
limited number of models will continue to account for whether we can successfully anticipate and respond
a large portion of our revenues at any given time in the to consumer preferences and car trends. The fail-
foreseeable future, compared to other automakers. ure to develop successful new cars or delays in
Therefore, a single unsuccessful new model would their launch that could result in others bringing new
harm us more than it would other automakers. There products and leading-edge technologies to the mar-
can be no assurance that our cars will continue to ket first, could compromise our competitive position
be successful in the market, or that we will be able to and hinder the growth of our business. As part of
launch new models on a timely basis, also compared our strategy, we continue to broaden the range of
to our competitors. See also “The introduction of elec- our models to capture additional customer demand
tric technology in our cars is costly and its long-term for different types of vehicles and modes of utiliza-
success is uncertain”. It generally takes several years tion, including with hybrid and electric powertrain
from the beginning of the development phase to the technology. While we will seek to ensure that these
start of production for a new model and the car de- changes remain fully consistent with the Ferrari car
velopment process is capital intensive. As a result, we identity, we cannot be certain that they will prove
would likely be unable to replace quickly the revenue profitable and commercially successful.
lost from one of our main car models if it does not Our controlled growth strategy may expose
achieve market acceptance. Furthermore, our reve- us to new business risks that we may not have the
nues and profits may also be affected by our Special expertise, capability or the systems to manage. This
Series and limited edition models (including the Icona strategy will also place significant demands on us by
limited editions and supercars) that we launch from requiring us to continuously evolve and improve our
time to time and which are typically priced higher than operational, financial and internal controls. Continued
our range models. There can be no assurance that expansion also increases the challenges involved in
we will be successful in developing, producing and maintaining high levels of quality, management and
marketing additional new cars (including our Special client satisfaction, recruiting, training and retaining
Series and limited edition models) to sustain sales and sufficiently skilled management, technical and mar-
margin growth in the future. keting personnel. If we are unable to manage these
risks or meet these demands, our growth prospects
OUR CONTROLLED GROWTH STRATEGY and our business, results of operations and financial
EXPOSES US TO RISKS. condition could be adversely affected.
Consequently, if our international expansion plans
Our growth strategy includes a controlled expan- are unsuccessful, our business, results of operations
sion of our sales and operations. In particular, our and financial condition could be materially adversely
strategy includes the opportunity for us to expand affected.
operations in targeted regions and markets that we
have identified as having relatively high growth po- GLOBAL ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND MACRO
tential. Many of these markets are in countries that EVENTS, AS WELL AS TRADING POLICIES AND
have different operational environments and char- TARIFFS, MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT US.
acteristics, including but not limited to, employment
and labor, transportation, logistics, real estate, envi- Our sales volumes and revenues may be affected by
ronmental regulations and local reporting or legal overall general economic conditions within the var-
requirements. We may encounter difficulties in en- ious countries in which we operate. Deteriorating
tering and/or establishing ourselves in these mar- general economic conditions may affect dispos-
kets, including in relation to creating new successful able incomes and reduce consumer wealth impact-
dealership networks and encountering more signifi- ing client demand, particularly for luxury goods,
cant competition from competitors that are already which may negatively impact our profitability and
present in those markets. put downward pressure on our prices and volumes.
Consumer demand and behavior, as well as tastes Furthermore, during recessionary periods, social
and purchasing trends may differ in these markets, acceptability of luxury purchases may decrease and
and as a result, sales of our products may not be suc- higher taxes may be more likely to be imposed on
cessful, or the margins on those sales may not be in certain luxury goods including our cars, which may
line with those we currently anticipate. Furthermore, affect our sales. Adverse economic conditions may
such markets will have upfront short-term invest- also affect the financial health and performance of
ment costs that may not be accompanied by suffi- our dealers in a manner that will affect sales of our
cient revenues to achieve expected operational and cars or their ability to meet their commitments to us.
financial performance and therefore may be dilutive The luxury performance car market is generally
to us in the short-term. In many of these countries, affected by global macroeconomic conditions and
there is significant competition to attract and retain many factors affect the level of consumer spending
experienced and talented employees. in the luxury performance car industry, including
Our growth depends on the continued success the state of the economy as a whole, stock market
of our existing cars, as well as the successful intro- performance, interest and exchange rates, inflation,
duction of new cars. Our ability to create new cars political uncertainty, the availability of consumer
29
30
credit, tax rates, unemployment levels and other mat- policies may negatively impact global trade and mac-
ters that influence consumer confidence. In general, roeconomic conditions and increase costs for pro-
although our sales have historically been compara- ducers and consumers. It is unknown whether and
tively resilient in periods of economic turmoil, sales to what extent other new tariffs (or other new laws
of luxury goods tend to decline during recessionary or regulations) will be adopted, or the effect that any
periods when the level of disposable income tends such actions would have on us, our business, finan-
to be lower or when consumer confidence is low. cial condition and results of operations, as well as on
In 2025, consumers’ worldwide spending across our industry, or on the purchase ability of consumers
the global luxury industry remained broadly flat globally. In addition, although Mainland China, Hong
compared to 2024; while an improving trajectory Kong and Taiwan only represented 7 percent of our
is expected to extend into 2026, the industry per- net revenues in 2025 and are expected to represent
formance remains uncertain. Global inflation has a limited proportion of our growth in the short term,
shown a steady decrease, from the post-COVID peak, slowing economic conditions in Mainland China,
with lower inflation in 2025 than in 2024 or 2023. If Hong Kong and Taiwan may adversely affect our
inflation returns, we could face further increases in revenues in that region. A significant decline in the
the costs we incur for raw materials, utilities or ser- global economy or in the specific economies of our
vices, which could adversely affect our business and markets, or in consumers’ confidence, could have
results of operations if we are not able to pass on the a material adverse effect on our business. See also
increased costs to our customers or successfully “Developments in growth markets may adversely
implement other mitigating actions. Following the affect our business”.
post-COVID rise in inflation central banks increased Additionally, sanctions and export controls which
interest rates in 2022 and 2023, and later reversed could be introduced as a result of changes in gov-
course as inflation subsided. Nevertheless, a higher ernments, geopolitical tensions and conflicts could
cost of borrowing compared to prior historical peri- adversely affect, directly or indirectly, our supply
ods may persist in the market. Such increases could chain and customers, as well as the global financial
impact our ability to obtain affordable financing or markets and financial services industry. See also “We
could make our cars less affordable to clients, which depend on our suppliers, many of which are single
could cause consumers to delay the purchase of our source suppliers, and if these suppliers fail to deliver
cars or to purchase less expensive cars. necessary raw materials, components, parts, sys-
We distribute our products internationally and tems, services or infrastructure of appropriate quality
we may be affected by downturns in general eco- in a timely manner, our operations may be disrupted”.
nomic conditions or uncertainties regarding future
economic prospects that may impact the countries WE ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS RELATED TO
in which we sell a significant portion of our products. EPIDEMICS, PANDEMICS OR OTHER PUBLIC
In particular, the majority of our current sales are HEALTH CRISES THAT MAY MATERIALLY AND
in Europe and in the United States; if we are unable ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS.
to expand in other growth markets, a downturn in
mature economies such as Europe and the United Public health crises such as epidemics, pandem-
States may negatively affect our financial perfor- ics or similar outbreaks could adversely impact our
mance. In addition, uncertainties regarding future business. For instance, from 2020 to 2022, the global
trade arrangements and industrial policies in vari- spread of COVID-19, including variants thereof, led to
ous countries or regions create additional macro- governments around the world mandating increas-
economic risk. In the United States, any policy to dis- ingly restrictive measures to contain the pandemic
courage imports of vehicles produced elsewhere and caused significant disruption to the global econ-
could adversely affect our operations. Within the omy, including changes in consumer spending and
context of broader tariff impositions on raw materi- behavior, disruption to supply chains and financial
als and finished goods, imports of automobiles from markets, as well as restrictions on business and in-
the European Union into the United States were dividual activities. This led to a global economic slow-
already subject to a 2.5% tariff. In March 2025, the down and a severe recession in several of the mar-
U.S. administration issued a proclamation impos- kets in which we operate. Our operations were also
ing an additional 25% ad valorem tariff on imported profoundly disrupted, with our production suspend-
automobiles and certain automobile parts, result- ed at our two plants for several weeks in 2020, and
ing in a combined tariff rate of 27.5%. Subsequently, our suppliers and dealers were similarly affected.
from August 1, 2025, the overall tariff level applica- Governmental restrictions were lifted and partly re-
ble to imported automobiles was reduced to 15%. introduced reflecting developments in the pandem-
The administration has also announced its intention ic. Future pandemics may have similar, or worse, im-
to conduct systematic reviews of existing tariffs pacts on our operations.
and other trade measures. In 2025, the United States Furthermore, pandemics or other widespread
represented 25 percent of our shipments and 28 public health crises may lead to financial distress for
percent of our revenues from cars and spare parts. our suppliers or dealers, as a result of which they
Trade and tariff discussions are ongoing and the may have to permanently discontinue or substan-
result remains uncertain. Protectionist industrial tially reduce their operations.
Any of the foregoing could limit customer demand duce, distribute and market new products efficiently
or our capacity to meet customer demand and have or that any product segment that we may expand or
a material adverse effect on our business, results of introduce will achieve sales levels sufficient to gen-
operations and financial condition. erate profits. This risk is particularly pronounced as
Pandemics or other widespread public health we expand in accordance with our strategy into ad-
crises may also exacerbate other risks disclosed in jacent segments of the luxury industry, where we do
this section, including, but not limited to, our com- not have a level of experience and market presence
petitiveness, demand for our products, shifting con- comparable to the one we have in the sports cars
sumer preferences, exchange rate fluctuations, cus- business. Any of these risks could have a material
tomers’ and dealers’ access to affordable financing, adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and credit market conditions affecting the availability and financial condition.
of capital and financial resources.
DEMAND FOR LUXURY GOODS, INCLUDING
WE FACE COMPETITION IN THE LUXURY LUXURY PERFORMANCE CARS, IS VOLATILE,
PERFORMANCE CAR INDUSTRY. WHICH MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR
OPERATING RESULTS.
We face competition in all product categories and
markets in which we operate. We compete with oth- Volatility of demand for luxury goods, in particular
er international luxury performance car manufac- luxury performance cars, may adversely affect our
turers which own and operate well-known brands of business, operating results and financial condition.
high-quality cars, some of which form part of larger The market in which we sell our cars is subject to vol-
automotive groups and may have greater financial atility in demand. Demand for luxury automobiles de-
resources and bargaining power with suppliers than pends to a large extent on general, economic, political
we do, particularly in light of our policy to maintain and social conditions in a given market as well as the
low volumes in order to preserve and enhance the introduction of new vehicles and technologies. As a
exclusivity of our cars. In addition, several other man- luxury performance car manufacturer and low vol-
ufacturers have recently entered or are attempting ume producer, we compete with larger automobile
to enter the upper end of the luxury performance car manufacturers, many of which have greater financial
market, including with advanced electric technology, resources in order to withstand changes in the mar-
thereby increasing competition. We believe that we ket and disruptions in demand. Demand for our cars
compete primarily on the basis of our brand image, may also be affected by factors directly impacting the
the performance and design of our cars, our repu- cost of purchasing and operating automobiles, such
tation for quality and the driving experience for our as the availability and cost of financing, prices of raw
customers. If we are unable to compete successfully, materials and parts and components, fuel costs and
our business, results of operations and financial con- governmental regulations, including tariffs, import
dition could be adversely affected. regulation and other taxes, including taxes on luxury
goods, resulting in limitations to the use of high per-
OUR BUSINESS IS SUBJECT TO CHANGES IN formance sports cars or luxury goods more gener-
CLIENT PREFERENCES AND TRENDS IN THE ally. Volatility in demand may lead to lower car unit
AUTOMOTIVE AND LUXURY INDUSTRIES. sales, which may result in downward price pressure
and adversely affect our business, operating results
Our continued success depends in part on our abili- and financial condition. The impact of a luxury market
ty to originate and define products and trends in the downturn may be particularly pronounced for the
automotive and luxury industries, as well as to antic- most expensive among our car models, which gener-
ipate and respond promptly to changing consum- ate a more than proportionate amount of our profits,
er demands and automotive trends in the design, therefore exacerbating the impact on our results. In
styling, technology, production, merchandising and addition, these effects may have a more pronounced
pricing of our products. Our products must appeal impact on us given our controlled volume strategy
to a client base whose preferences cannot be pre- and relatively smaller scale as compared to large
dicted with certainty and are subject to rapid change. global mass-market automobile manufacturers.
Evaluating and responding to client preferences has
become even more complex in recent years, due to THE DEMAND FOR OUR CARS AND
our expansion in new geographical markets. The in- THE VALUE OF OUR BRAND DEPEND IN PART
troduction of hybrid and electric technology and the ON THE VALUE OF OUR VEHICLES OVER TIME
associated changes in customer preferences that AND THE AUTOMOBILE COLLECTOR AND
may follow are also a challenge we will face in future ENTHUSIAST COMMUNITY.
periods. See also “If we are unable to keep up with
advances in high performance car technology, our An important factor in the connection of clients to
brand and competitive position may suffer” and “The the Ferrari brand is our strong relationship with the
introduction of electric technology in our cars is cost- global community of automotive collectors and en-
ly and its long-term success is uncertain”. In addition, thusiasts, particularly collectors and enthusiasts of
there can be no assurance that we will be able to pro- Ferrari automobiles. This is influenced by our close
31
32
ties to the automotive collectors’ community and which as a result could have a material adverse ef-
our support of related events such as car shows and fect on our business, results of operations and finan-
driving events, including those held at our headquar- cial condition.
ters in Maranello and through our dealers, as well as Maranello and Modena are located in the Emilia-
our Ferrari museums and our affiliations with re- Romagna region of Italy which has the potential for
gional Ferrari clubs. The support of this community seismic activity. For instance, in 2012 a major earth-
also depends upon the perception of our cars as col- quake struck the region, causing production at our
lectibles, which we also support through our Ferrari facilities to be temporarily suspended for one day. If
Classiche services, and the profitable resale mar- major disasters such as earthquakes, fires, floods,
ket for our automobiles which encourages interest hurricanes, wars, terrorist attacks, pandemics or
over the long-term. The increase in the number of other events occur, our headquarters and produc-
cars we produce relative to the number of auto- tion facilities may be seriously damaged, or we may
motive collectors and purchasers in the secondary stop or delay production and shipment of our cars.
market may adversely affect the value of our cars Such damage from disasters or unpredictable events
as collectible items and their value in the secondary could have a material adverse impact on our business,
market more broadly. Additionally, a higher level of results from operations and financial condition.
personalization content in our new vehicles, which
is impacted by the personalization preferences of WE ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS ASSOCIATED
our customers, may also adversely affect residual WITH CLIMATE CHANGE AND OTHER
value of our cars as personalized content generally ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS,
depreciates substantially with change of ownership. AS WELL AS AN INCREASED FOCUS
Furthermore, the shift to hybrid and electric engine OF REGULATORS AND STAKEHOLDERS
models may impact the residual value of our cars ON ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.
if secondary purchases occur at higher discounts
compared to our ICE models historically, reflect- Global climate change is resulting, and is expected to
ing an increase in their risk of obsolescence, which continue to result, in natural disasters and extreme
could adversely impact the demand for our cars and weather, such as drought, wildfires, storms, sea-level
our brand image. rise, flooding, heat waves and cold waves, occurring
If there is a change in collector appetite or dam- more frequently or with greater intensity. Such ex-
age to the Ferrari brand, our ties to, and the support treme events are driving changes in market dynam-
we receive from, this community may be diminished. ics, stakeholder expectations, local, national and inter-
Such a loss of enthusiasm for our cars from the national climate change policies and regulations.
automotive collectors’ community could adversely We are subject to climate-related risks where we
impact our sales and profitability and harm the per- conduct our business. Physical impacts of climate
ception of the Ferrari brand. change, including natural disasters and adverse
weather, could result in disruptions to us, our sup-
WE DEPEND ON OUR MANUFACTURING pliers, vendors, customers and logistics hubs. These
FACILITIES IN MARANELLO AND MODENA. risks may also exacerbate other risks disclosed in
this “Risk Factors” section, including but not limited
We assemble all of the cars that we sell and manu- to, our competitiveness, demand for our products,
facture, and all of the engines we use in our cars, at shifting consumer preferences, availability and price
our production facility in Maranello, Italy, where we of raw materials, and concentration of our produc-
also have our corporate headquarters. We manu- tion activities in Maranello and Modena.
facture all of our car chassis in a nearby facility in The global automotive industry in particular is
Modena, Italy. Our Maranello or Modena plants could currently experiencing significant developments due
become unavailable either permanently or tempo- to an increased focus on climate change and evolving
rarily for a number of reasons, including contamina- regulatory requirements relating to fuel efficiency,
tion, power shortage or labor unrest. Alternatively, electrification and greenhouse gas emissions, among
changes in law and regulation, including export, tax others. These evolving requirements and technologi-
and employment laws and regulations, or economic cal changes have caused us, and are expected to con-
conditions, including wage inflation, could make it un- tinue to cause us, to adapt and change certain aspects
economic for us to continue manufacturing our cars of our operations, our future plans and strategies and
in Italy. In the event that we were unable to continue the allocation of our resources. Failure to effectively
production at either of these facilities or it became manage these aspects may result in increased costs,
uneconomic for us to continue to do so, we would reputational risks, limits in our ability to manufacture
need to seek alternative manufacturing arrange- or market certain of our products, or otherwise nega-
ments which would take time and reduce our ability tively impact our business, results of operations, prof-
to produce sufficient cars to meet demand. Moving itability and competitive position.
manufacturing to other locations may also affect the We have implemented many initiatives connected
perception of our brand and car quality among our to our manufacturing and operating processes,
clients. Such a transfer would materially reduce our including our facilities, covering Scope 1 and Scope
revenues and could require significant investment, 2 emissions. Scope 3 Cradle to Gate emissions (indi-
34
rect upstream GHG emissions) consist mainly of raw business decisions as well as to track transactions,
materials, manufacturing equipment for road cars billings, payments and inventory. Such systems are
and inbound logistics thus the leverage to reduce susceptible to malfunctions and interruptions due to
emissions are mainly managed by our supply chain. If equipment damage, power outages, and a range of
the measures we have put in place are less success- other hardware, software and network problems.
ful than expected, or if we are unable to assist our cur- Those systems are also susceptible to cybercrime,
rent and future business partners in reducing their or threats of intentional disruption, which are in-
carbon footprint or to identify and select lower car- creasing in terms of sophistication and frequency,
bon intensive suppliers, we could be unable to meet especially considering that such cyber incidents
the expectations of different stakeholders in terms of may remain undetected for long periods of time.
reductions of our carbon footprint with the potential For example, in March 2023 we were the subject of
for adverse reputational impacts. a ransomware attack. Ferrari decided not to pay the
Additionally, our stakeholders, including our cus- ransom, and rejection of the ransom request led to
tomers, employees, suppliers and investors, are the leak of a significant amount of customers’ per-
increasingly focused on environment, social and gov- sonal identifiable information and we were provided
ernance (“ESG”) matters. From time to time, in align- evidence of such leak with respect to several hun-
ment with our sustainability strategy, we establish and dred customers. We notified our customers of the
publicly announce goals and ambitions to improve potential data exposure and the nature of the inci-
our environmental performance and we have been dent and we have worked with third party experts
taking deliberate actions aimed at achieving carbon to further reinforce our systems. Future breaches
neutrality by 2030. There can be no assurance that may adversely affect our operations and reputation.
our stakeholders will agree with our sustainability Additionally, a portion of our personnel may work
strategy or will be satisfied with our actions in rela- remotely on a part-time basis under flexible work
tion to these matters. Additionally, if we fail (or are arrangements. Remote work relies heavily on the use
perceived to fail) to execute our sustainability strategy of remote networking and online conferencing ser-
or achieve our environmental goals, if our sustainabil- vices, which expose us to additional cybersecurity
ity strategy or environmental goals do not meet the risks. For any of these reasons, we may experience
expectations and standards of our stakeholders, or if system malfunctions or interruptions.
we improperly report our progress in the execution Although our systems are diversified, including
of our sustainability strategy or the achievement of multiple server locations, several layers of cyber-
our environmental goals, our reputation could be neg- security countermeasures and controls, a range
atively impacted, causing our customers, employees, of software applications for different regions and
suppliers and investors to lose confidence in us and functions, and we periodically assess and implement
our brand, which could negatively impact our busi- actions to reduce risks to our systems and disruptions
ness, access to capital or have an adverse effect on to our information technology systems and business
our revenues and profitability. continuity, a significant or large scale malfunction or
interruption of our systems could adversely affect
A DISRUPTION IN OUR INFORMATION our ability to manage and keep our operations run-
TECHNOLOGY, INCLUDING AS A RESULT ning efficiently, and damage our reputation if we are
OF CYBERCRIMES, COULD COMPROMISE unable to track transactions and deliver products to
CONFIDENTIAL, PROPRIETARY our dealers and clients. A malfunction that results
AND SENSITIVE INFORMATION. in a wider or sustained disruption to our business
could have a material adverse effect on our business,
We depend on our information technology and data results of operations and financial condition. In addi-
processing systems to operate our business, and tion to supporting our operations, we use our sys-
a significant malfunction or disruption in the oper- tems to collect and store confidential and sensitive
ation of our systems, human error, interruption to data, including information about our business, our
power supply, or a security breach that compromis- clients and our employees.
es the confidential and sensitive information stored As our technology continues to evolve, we antici-
in those systems, could disrupt our business and ad- pate that we will collect and store even more data in
versely impact our ability to compete. A leak of pro- the future, and that our systems will increasingly use
prietary technical information relating to our cars remote communication features that are sensitive to
and our production processes, for example, could both willful and unintentional security breaches. Much
cause significant competitive harm. Our ability to of our value is derived from our confidential busi-
keep our business operating effectively depends ness information, including car design, proprietary
on the functional and efficient operation by us and technology and trade secrets, and to the extent the
our third party service providers of our information, confidentiality of such information is compromised,
data processing and telecommunications systems, we may lose our competitive advantage and our car
including our car design, manufacturing, inventory sales may suffer. We also collect, retain and use cer-
tracking and billing and payment systems. We rely tain personal information, including data we gather
on these systems to enable a number of business from clients for product development and market-
processes and help us make a variety of day-to-day ing purposes, and data we obtain from employees.
Therefore, we are subject to a variety of ever-chang- experience and capabilities. If we are unable to find
ing data protection and privacy laws on a global basis, adequate replacements or to attract, retain and incen-
including the EU General Data Protection Regulation. tivize senior executives, other key employees or new
We expect that future generations of cars will qualified personnel, our business, results of opera-
feature an increasing degree of connectivity for pur- tions and financial condition may suffer.
poses of infotainment, safety and regulatory compli-
ance, and the increased demand for a “connected WE RELY ON OUR DEALER NETWORK TO
car” has led to increased digitization of car systems, PROVIDE SALES AND SERVICES.
the wide application of software, and the creation of
new, fully digital mobility services. This technology We do not own our Ferrari dealers and virtually all
is capable of transmitting and storing an increasing of our sales are made through our network of deal-
amount of personal information belonging to our cus- erships located throughout the world. If our dealers
tomers. These new features may increase the cyber are unable to provide sales or service quality that
security risk of our cars. Any unauthorized access to our clients expect or do not otherwise adequately
in-vehicle information technology systems may com- project the Ferrari image and its aura of luxury and
promise the car security or the privacy of our cus- exclusivity, the Ferrari brand may be negatively af-
tomers’ information and expose us to claims as well fected. We depend on the quality of our dealership
as reputational damage. In addition, third parties with network and our business, operating results and fi-
which we contract could also be subject to external nancial condition could be adversely affected if our
cyber-attacks. Should the third party be connected to dealers suffer financial difficulties or otherwise are
our system, the cyber attacker could potentially pen- unable to perform to our expectations. Furthermore,
etrate our information technology systems. Although we may experience disagreements or disputes in
we prioritize cybersecurity on all of our cars and when the course of our relationship with our dealers or
processing personal data, any significant compro- upon termination which may lead to financial costs,
mise in the integrity of our data security could have a disruptions and reputational harm.
material adverse effect on our business. Our growth strategy also depends on our ability
Cybersecurity is the object of increasing regu- to attract quality new dealers to sell our products
latory updates and we will be required to keep our in new areas. We may face competition from other
internal systems updated to comply with the new luxury performance car manufacturers in attracting
rules that may come into force. For instance, pursu- quality new dealers, based on, among other things,
ant to the UN-ECE regulations, we will be required dealer margin, incentives and the performance of
to maintain over time, and to periodically renew, the other dealers in the region. If we are unable to attract
Cyber Security Management System (“CSMS”) to new dealers in targeted growth areas, our prospects
register and sell our cars, as well as to demonstrate could be materially adversely affected.
that we are able to deal with, and aware of, potential Furthermore, the evolution of leading-edge tech-
cyber risks, both for our cars and for our enterprise. nology (such as electric technology, connectivity,
Failure to maintain the Cyber Security Management software, etc.) will continue to require significant and
System Certification could result, for the countries continuous investments (such as new tools, skills,
where the regulations are applicable, in impossibility knowledge and training) by our dealership network
to homologate and sell new vehicles. to manage our new car models, including their new
features and technology. If our dealers are not able
OUR SUCCESS DEPENDS LARGELY ON THE to evolve and adapt their business operations to new
ABILITY OF OUR CURRENT MANAGEMENT technology requirements, our business, operating
TEAM TO OPERATE AND MANAGE EFFECTIVELY. results and financial conditions could be adversely
affected, including our clients’ expectations to
Our success depends on the ability of our senior ex- receive the highest qualified service.
ecutives and other members of management to
effectively manage our business as a whole and in- WE ARE EXPOSED TO RISKS IN CONNECTION
dividual areas of the business. Most of our senior ex- WITH PRODUCT WARRANTIES AS WELL AS
ecutives and employees, including many highly skilled THE PROVISION OF SERVICES.
engineers, technicians and artisans, are required to
work from our offices and production facilities in and A number of our contractual and legal require-
around Maranello, Italy. If we were to lose the services ments oblige us to provide product warranties to
of any of these senior executives or key employees, our clients, dealers and national distributors. There
this could have a material adverse effect on our busi- is a risk that we will be required to extend the guar-
ness, operating results and financial condition. We antee or warranty originally granted in certain
have developed incentive plans aimed at retaining and markets for legal reasons, or provide services as
incentivizing our senior executives and employees, a courtesy or for reasons of reputation where we
as well as management succession plans that we be- are not legally obliged to do so, and for which we
lieve are appropriate in the circumstances, although will generally not be able to recover from suppliers
it is difficult to predict with any certainty that we will or insurers. There is also a risk that, relative to the
replace these individuals with persons of equivalent guarantees and warranties granted, the calculated
35
36
product prices and the provisions for our guaran- OUR REVENUES FROM FORMULA 1 ACTIVITIES
tee and warranty risks have been set or will in the MAY DECLINE AND OUR RELATED EXPENSES
future be set too low. In addition, we have recently MAY GROW.
been offering on a voluntary basis warranties on the
batteries for our hybrid cars. For additional infor- Revenues from our Formula 1 activities depend prin-
mation relating to our warranty programs, please cipally on the income from our sponsorship agree-
refer to the “Overview of Our Business—Sales and ments and on our share of Formula 1 revenues from
After-Sales”. broadcasting and other sources. See “Overview of
Our Business—Racing—Formula 1”. If we are unable
CAR RECALLS MAY BE COSTLY AND MAY HARM to renew our existing sponsorship agreements or if
OUR REPUTATION. we enter into new or renewed sponsorship agree-
ments with less favorable terms, our revenues could
We have in the past and we may from time to time in decline. In addition, our share of profits related to
the future be required to recall our products to ad- Formula 1 activities may decline if either our team’s
dress performance, compliance or safety-related is- performance worsens compared to other compet-
sues. We may incur costs for these recalls, including ing teams, or if the overall Formula 1 business suffers,
replacement parts and labor to remove and replace including potentially as a result of increasing popular-
the defective parts. In addition, regulatory oversight ity of other racing events. Furthermore, in order to
of recalls, particularly in the vehicle safety, has in- compete effectively on track we have been investing
creased recently. Any product recalls can harm our significant resources in research and development
reputation with clients, particularly if consumers call and to competitively compensate the best available
into question the safety, reliability or performance of drivers and other racing team members. These ex-
our cars. Any such recalls could harm our reputation penses also vary based on changes in Formula 1
and result in adverse publicity, lost revenue, delivery regulations that require modification to our racing
delays, product liability claims and other expenses, engines and cars. These expenses are expected to
and could have a material adverse impact on our continue, and may grow further, including as a result
business, operating results and financial condition. of any changes in Formula 1 regulations, which would
negatively affect our results of operations.
WE MAY BECOME SUBJECT TO PRODUCT Compliance with the FIA Formula One regulations,
LIABILITY CLAIMS, WHICH COULD HARM OUR which are periodically amended by the Formula One
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY IF WE Commission and then approved by the FIA World
ARE NOT ABLE TO SUCCESSFULLY DEFEND OR Motorsport Council, requires significant changes to
INSURE AGAINST SUCH CLAIMS. our racing cars, processes and operations. If we are
unable to effectively adapt our cars to comply with
We may become subject to product liability claims, changes in FIA Formula One regulations, our per-
which could harm our business, operating results formance in races may suffer. These changes may
and financial condition. The automobile industry result in adverse effects on our revenues and results
experiences significant product liability claims and of operations.
we have inherent risk of exposure to claims in the Starting from 2021, new FIA Formula One financial
event our cars do not perform as expected or mal- regulations have been introduced. These provide for
function resulting in personal injury or death. A a cap on spending for all chassis costs and expenses
successful product liability claim against us could (excluding, among others, the activities to enable the
require us to pay a substantial monetary award. supply of the current power units, marketing costs,
Moreover, a product liability claim could generate drivers’ salaries and the top three personnel at each
substantial negative publicity about our cars and team) and a similar cap was introduced also for the
business, adversely affecting our reputation and in- development of the power units that will be used in
hibiting or preventing commercialization of future the 2026 season and is applicable for spending that
cars, which could have a material adverse effect on started in 2023. For the 2026 season, the FIA set the
our brand, business, operating results and financial operational cost cap for F1 teams to approximately
condition. While we seek to insure against product €199 million in relation to the development and man-
liability risks, insurance may be insufficient to pro- ufacturing of the racing car chassis and $130 mil-
tect against any monetary claims we may face and lion relating to the power units. The aforementioned
will not mitigate any reputational harm. Any lawsuit budget caps on spending are defined for each sea-
seeking significant monetary damages may have a son based on several factors, including the number
material adverse effect on our reputation, business of races and inflation. The cap on expenses affects
and financial condition. We may not be able to se- the amount of resources that we are allowed to allo-
cure additional product liability insurance coverage cate to Formula 1 activities, with potential adverse
on commercially acceptable terms or at reasonable effects on our team’s performance if we are not able
costs when needed, particularly if we face liability to optimize such resources. Because Formula 1 is key
for our products and are forced to make a claim un- to our brand marketing, the FIA spending cap may
der such a policy. also adversely affect our ability to support our brand
through renewed racing success.
WE RELY ON OUR LICENSING AND trademarks and other intellectual property rights.
FRANCHISING PARTNERS TO PRESERVE THE Accordingly, we devote substantial efforts to the
VALUE OF OUR LICENSES AND THE FAILURE TO establishment and protection of our trademarks
MAINTAIN SUCH PARTNERS COULD HARM OUR and other intellectual property rights such as reg-
BUSINESS. istered designs and patents on a worldwide basis.
However, we cannot exclude the possibility that
We currently have multi-year agreements with li- our intellectual property rights may be challenged
censing partners for various Ferrari-branded by others, or that we may be unable to register
products in the sports, lifestyle and luxury retail our trademarks or otherwise adequately protect
segments. We also have multi-year agreements them in some jurisdictions, especially in those for-
with franchising partners for our Ferrari stores eign countries that do not respect and protect in-
and theme park. In the future, we may enter into tellectual property rights to the same extent as do
additional licensing or franchising arrangements. the United States, Japan and European countries. If
Many of the risks associated with our own prod- a third party were to register our trademarks, or
ucts, including risks relating to the image of the similar trademarks, in a country where we have not
Ferrari brand and its aura of exclusivity, as well as successfully registered such trademarks, it could
to the demand for luxury goods, also apply to our create a barrier to our commencing trade under
licensed products and franchised stores. In addi- those marks in that country.
tion, there are problems that our licensing or fran-
chising partners may experience, including risks WE MAY FAIL TO ADEQUATELY PROTECT OUR
associated with each licensing partner’s ability to INTELLECTUAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY
obtain capital, manage its labor relations, maintain RIGHTS AGAINST INFRINGEMENT OR
relationships with its suppliers, manage its credit MISAPPROPRIATION BY THIRD PARTIES.
and bankruptcy risks, and maintain client relation-
ships. While we maintain significant control over Our success and competitive positioning depend
the products produced for us by our licensing part- on, among other factors, our registered intellec-
ners and the franchisees running our Ferrari stores tual property rights, as well as other industrial or
and theme parks, any of the foregoing risks, or the intellectual property rights, including confiden-
inability of any of our licensing or franchising part- tial know-how, trade secrets, database rights and
ners to execute on the expected design and quality copyrights. To protect our intellectual property, we
of the licensed products, Ferrari stores and theme rely on intellectual property laws, agreements for
park, or otherwise exercise operational and finan- the protection of trade secrets, confidentiality and
cial control over its business, may result in loss of non-disclosure agreements, and other contractu-
revenue and competitive harm to our operations in al means. Such measures, however, may be inad-
the product categories where we have entered into equate and our intellectual property rights may be
such licensing or franchising arrangements. While infringed or challenged by third parties, and our
we select our licensing and franchising partners confidential know-how or trade secrets could be
with care, any negative publicity surrounding such misappropriated or disclosed to the public without
partners could have a negative effect on licensed our consent. Consultants, vendors and current and
products, the Ferrari stores and theme parks or former employees, for example, could violate their
the Ferrari brand. Further, while we believe that we confidentiality obligations and restrictions on the
could replace our existing licensing or franchising use of Ferrari’s intellectual property. Ferrari may
partners if required, our inability to do so for any not be able to prevent such infringements, misap-
period of time could materially adversely affect our propriations or disclosures, with potential adverse
revenues and harm our business. effects on our brand, reputation and business.
In connection with our lifestyle strategy, we con- In particular, our components may be subject to
tinue to streamline our existing arrangements with product piracy, where our components are coun-
licensing partners. This may adversely affect our terfeited, which may result in reputational risk for
results from brand activities, particularly in the short Ferrari. The risks described above arise particu-
to medium term while our broader lifestyle strategy larly in our Brand activities (see “Overview of Our
is carried out. Business—Lifestyle”).
If we fail to adequately protect our intellectual
WE DEPEND ON THE STRENGTH OF OUR property rights, this may adversely affect our results
TRADEMARKS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL of operations and financial condition, as other manu-
PROPERTY RIGHTS. facturers may be able to manufacture similar prod-
ucts at lower cost, with adverse effects on our com-
Given the importance of our brand’s recognition petitive position. In addition, counterfeited products,
for our financial performance and strategy, we or products illegally branded as “Ferrari”, may dam-
believe that our trademarks and other intellectual age our brand. In addition, we may incur high costs
property rights are fundamental to our success in reacting to infringements or misappropriations of
and market position. Therefore, our business de- our intellectual property rights.
pends on our ability to protect and promote our
37
38
THIRD PARTIES MAY CLAIM THAT WE INFRINGE taxes that we may not be able to offset against
THEIR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. taxes imposed upon us in Italy;
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates
We believe that we hold all the rights required for our and interest rates, including risks related to any
business operations (including intellectual proper- interest rate swap or other hedging activities
ty rights and third-party licenses). However, we are we undertake;
exposed to potential claims from third parties alleg- our ability to enforce our contractual and intel-
ing that we infringe their intellectual property rights, lectual property rights, especially in those for-
since many competitors and suppliers also submit eign countries that do not respect and protect
patent applications for their inventions and secure intellectual property rights to the same extent as
patent protection or other intellectual property do the United States, Japan and European coun-
rights. If we are unsuccessful in defending against tries, which increases the risk of unauthorized,
any such claim, we may be required to pay damag- and uncompensated, use of our technology;
es or comply with injunctions which may disrupt our European Union and foreign government trade
operations. We may also as a result be forced to en- restrictions, customs regulations, tariffs and
ter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavor- price or exchange controls;
able terms or to redesign products to comply with foreign labor laws, regulations and restrictions;
third parties’ intellectual property rights. preferences of foreign nations for domestically
produced cars;
• WE FACE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR changes in diplomatic and trade relationships;
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS, INCLUDING political instability, natural disasters, pandemics
UNFAVORABLE REGULATORY, POLITICAL, TAX or other widespread public health crises, war or
AND LABOR CONDITIONS AND ESTABLISHING events of terrorism, and
OURSELVES IN NEW MARKETS, ALL OF WHICH the strength of international economies.
COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS.
If we fail to successfully address these risks, many
We currently have international operations and of which we cannot control, our business, operat-
subsidiaries in various countries and jurisdictions ing results and financial condition could be materi-
in Europe, North America and Asia that are subject ally harmed.
to the legal, political, regulatory, tax and social re-
quirements and economic conditions in these juris- DEVELOPMENTS IN GROWTH MARKETS MAY
dictions. Additionally, as part of our growth strategy, ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS.
we will continue to expand our sales, maintenance,
and repair services internationally. However, such We operate in a number of growth markets, both di-
expansion requires us to make significant expendi- rectly and through our dealers, and our exposure to
tures, including the establishment of local operat- those markets may increase as we may pursue ex-
ing entities, hiring of local employees and establish- panded sales in those regions. We believe we have
ing facilities in advance of generating any revenue. potential for further success in these markets, in
Moreover, the global reach of our operations also ex- particular in Asia, recognizing the increasing person-
poses us to risks associated with changes in tariffs al wealth of consumers. While demand in these mar-
or other protective trade measures. For more infor- kets has generally increased in recent years due to
mation regarding the risks to our business and oper- sustained economic growth and growth in person-
ations posed by such measures, see “Global econom- al income and wealth, we are unable to foresee the
ic conditions and macro events, as well as trading extent to which economic growth will be sustained.
policies and tariffs, may adversely affect us” and “We For example, rising geopolitical and social tensions,
are subject to risks associated with exchange rate pandemics or similar public health crises, or slow-
fluctuations, interest rate changes, credit risk and downs in the rate of growth in these markets could
other market risks.” Consequently, due to our glob- limit the opportunity for us to increase unit sales and
al presence, we are subject to a number of risks as- revenues in those regions in the near term.
sociated with international business activities that Furthermore, in certain markets in which we or
may increase our costs, impact our ability to sell our our dealers operate, required government approv-
cars and require significant management attention. als may limit our ability to act quickly in making deci-
These risks include: sions on our operations in those markets. Other
government actions may also impact the market for
conforming our cars to various international luxury goods in these markets, such as tax changes
regulatory and safety requirements where our or the active discouragement of luxury purchases.
cars are sold, or homologated; Consumer spending habits in these markets may
difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing also change due to other factors that are outside
foreign operations; of our control. For instance, in recent years the
difficulties attracting clients in new jurisdictions; President of the People’s Republic of China has
foreign government tariffs and taxes, regula- repeatedly signaled the government’s intention to
tions and permit requirements, including foreign regulate the spending patterns of individuals and
families with ultra-high incomes. Resulting regula- conduct business. Furthermore, detecting, investi-
tory action or similar statements by governmental gating, and resolving any actual or alleged violation
authorities may affect the social acceptability of is expensive and can consume significant time and
spending on luxury goods. attention of our executive management.
Maintaining or strengthening our position in
these growth markets is a component of our global CHANGES IN TAX, TARIFF OR FISCAL POLICIES
growth strategy. However, initiatives from sev- COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT DEMAND FOR OUR
eral global luxury automotive manufacturers have PRODUCTS.
increased competitive pressures for luxury cars in
several growth markets. As these markets continue Imposition of any additional taxes and levies designed
to grow, we anticipate that additional competitors, to limit the use of automobiles could adversely affect
both international and domestic, will seek to enter the demand for our vehicles and our results of op-
these markets and that existing market participants erations. Changes in corporate and other taxation
will try to aggressively protect or increase their mar- policies, including those relating to the Patent Box tax
ket share. Increased competition may result in pric- regime in Italy, as well as changes in export and other
ing pressures, reduced margins and our inability to incentives given by various governments, or import
gain or hold market share, which could have a mate- or tariff policies, could also adversely affect our re-
rial adverse effect on our results of operations and sults of operations. See also “We currently benefit
financial condition. See also “Global economic con- or seek to benefit from certain special tax regimes,
ditions and macro events, as well as trading policies which may not be available in the future” and “Global
and tariffs, may adversely affect us”. economic conditions and macro events, as well as
trading policies and tariffs, may adversely affect us”.
LABOR LAWS AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING The impact of any such tariffs on our operations and
AGREEMENTS WITH OUR LABOR UNIONS results is uncertain and could be significant, and we
COULD IMPACT OUR ABILITY TO OPERATE can provide no assurance that any strategies we
EFFICIENTLY. implement to mitigate the impact of such tariffs or
other trade actions will be successful. While we are
The majority of our employees are represented by managing our product development and production
trade unions, are covered by collective bargaining operations on a global basis to reduce costs and lead
agreements and/or are protected by applicable la- times, unique national or regional standards can re-
bor relations regulations that may restrict our abil- sult in additional costs for product development, test-
ity to modify operations and reduce costs quickly ing and manufacturing. Governments often require
in response to changes in market conditions. These the implementation of new requirements during the
regulations and the provisions in our collective bar- middle of a product cycle, which can be substantially
gaining agreements may impede our ability to or- more expensive than accommodating these require-
ganize our business successfully to compete more ments during the design phase of a new product.
efficiently and effectively, which could have a mate- The imposition of any additional taxes and levies or
rial adverse effect on our results of operations and changes in government policy designed to limit the
financial condition. use of high performance sports cars or automobiles
more generally, or any decisions by policymakers to
IMPROPER CONDUCT OF EMPLOYEES, implement taxes on luxury automobiles, could also
AGENTS, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES COULD adversely affect the demand for our cars. The oc-
ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR REPUTATION AND currence of the above may have a material adverse
OUR BUSINESS, OPERATING RESULTS, AND effect on our business, results of operations and fi-
FINANCIAL CONDITION. nancial condition.
Our compliance controls, policies, and procedures IF WE WERE TO LOSE OUR AUTHORIZED
may not in every instance protect us from acts com- ECONOMIC OPERATOR CERTIFICATE, WE
mitted by our employees, agents, contractors, or col- MAY BE REQUIRED TO MODIFY OUR CURRENT
laborators that would violate the laws or regulations BUSINESS PRACTICES AND TO INCUR
of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including INCREASED COSTS, AS WELL AS EXPERIENCE
employment, foreign corrupt practices, environ- SHIPMENT DELAYS.
mental, competition, and other laws and regulations.
Such improper actions could subject us to civil or Because we ship and sell our cars in numerous coun-
criminal investigations, and monetary and injunctive tries, the customs regulations of various jurisdic-
penalties. In particular, our business activities may tions are important to our business and operations.
be subject to anti-corruption laws, regulations or To expedite customs procedure, we obtained the
rules of other countries in which we operate. If we European Union’s Authorized Economic Operator
fail to comply with any of these regulations, it could (“AEO”) certificate. The AEO certificate is granted to
adversely impact our operating results and our fi- operators that meet certain requirements regard-
nancial condition. In addition, actual or alleged viola- ing supply chain security and the safety and com-
tions could damage our reputation and our ability to pliance with law of the operator’s customs controls
39
and procedures. Operators are audited periodically For example, in 2025, the U.S. Dollar depreciated
for continued compliance with the requirements. against the Euro (going from 1.0389 U.S. Dollars for
The AEO certificate allows us to benefit from spe- 1 Euro at December 31, 2024 to 1.1750 at December
cial expedited customs treatment, which significant- 31, 2025), and the Pound Sterling and the Japanese
ly facilitates the shipment of our cars in the various Yen also weakened against the Euro over the course
markets where we operate. If we were to lose the of the year. The depreciation of currencies against
AEO status, including for failure to meet one of the the Euro could have an adverse effect on our rev-
certification’s requirements, we would be required enues and results of operations. Additionally, tar-
to change our business practices and to adopt stan- iffs implemented by the United States could impact
dard customs procedures for the shipment of our the dynamic of the U.S. Dollar against other curren-
cars. This could result in increased costs and ship- cies and be a further contributing factor in foreign
ment delays, which, in turn, could negatively affect currency exchange rates volatility. The extent of
our results of operations. adverse impacts from exchange rate fluctuations
could increase if the portion of our business in coun-
OUR DEBT COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR tries outside of Eurozone increases. See “Financial
OPERATIONS AND WE MAY FACE DIFFICULTIES Overview—Trends, Uncertainties and Opportunities”.
IN SERVICING OR REFINANCING OUR DEBT. We seek to manage risks associated with fluctu-
ations in currency through financial hedging instru-
As of December 31, 2025, our debt was €2,884 million ments. Although we seek to manage our foreign cur-
(which includes our financial services). See “Financial rency risk in order to minimize any negative effects
Overview—Non-GAAP Financial Measures—Net Debt caused by rate fluctuations, including through hedg-
and Net Industrial Debt” for additional information. ing activities, there can be no assurance that we
Our current and long-term debt, of which 54 per- will be able to do so successfully, and our business,
cent and 48 percent bore floating rates of interest at results of operations and financial condition could
December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, requires nevertheless be adversely affected by fluctuations
us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow to service in market rates, particularly if adverse market con-
interest and principal payments and, if interest rates ditions persist. Moreover, the valuation of hedging
rise, this amount may increase. In addition, our exist- instruments is influenced by the market dynamics
ing debt may limit our ability to raise further capital or of several financial factors, such as exchange rates,
incur additional indebtedness to execute our growth interest rates and implied volatility, that can nega-
strategy or otherwise may place us at a competitive tively impact our cost of hedging and the valuation
disadvantage relative to competitors that have less of our outstanding hedging transactions at fair value.
debt. To the extent we become more leveraged, the Additionally, changes in interest rates impact the
risks described above would increase. We may also interest costs we incur on our debt. See also “Our
have difficulty refinancing our existing debt or incur- debt could adversely affect our operations and we
ring new debt on terms that we would consider to be may face difficulties in servicing or refinancing our
commercially reasonable, if at all. debt” and “Car sales depend in part on the availability
of affordable financing”.
WE ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH Our financial services activities are also subject
EXCHANGE RATE FLUCTUATIONS, INTEREST to the risk of insolvency of dealers and retail clients,
RATE CHANGES, CREDIT RISK AND OTHER as well as unfavorable economic conditions in mar-
MARKET RISKS. kets where these activities are carried out. Despite
our efforts to mitigate such risks through the credit
We operate in numerous markets worldwide and approval policies applied to dealers and retail clients,
are exposed to market risks stemming from fluctu- there can be no assurances that we will be able to
ations in currency and interest rates. In particular, successfully mitigate such risks, particularly with
changes in exchange rates between the Euro and respect to a general change in economic conditions.
the main foreign currencies in which we operate
affect our revenues and results of operations. The CAR SALES DEPEND IN PART ON THE
exposure to currency risk is mainly linked to the dif- AVAILABILITY OF AFFORDABLE FINANCING.
ferences in geographic distribution of our sourc-
ing and manufacturing activities from those in our In certain regions, financing for new car sales has
commercial activities, as a result of which our cash been available at relatively low interest rates for
flows from sales are denominated in currencies dif- several years due to, among other things, expan-
ferent from those connected to purchases or pro- sive government monetary policies. If interest rates
duction activities. For example, we incur most of our were to rise due to governmental monetary poli-
capital and operating expenses in Euros while we cies or actions of central banks, market rates for
receive the majority of our revenues in currencies new car financing would be expected to rise as well,
other than the Euro. In addition, foreign exchange which may make our cars less affordable to clients
movements might also negatively affect the relative or cause consumers to purchase less expensive
purchasing power of our clients which could also cars, adversely affecting our results of operations
have an adverse effect on our results of operations. and financial condition. In response to post-COVID
41
42
inflation, monetary authorities increased interest ucts to our dealers and retail clients. To the extent
rates and higher market rates followed. In more re- that a financial services provider is unable or unwill-
cent periods, such increases have been partly but ing to provide sufficient financing at competitive
not entirely reversed. If consumer interest rates in- rates to our dealers and retail clients, such dealers
crease substantially or if financial service providers and retail clients may not have sufficient access to
tighten lending standards or restrict their lending financing to purchase or lease our cars. As a result,
to certain classes of credit, our clients may choose our car sales and market share may suffer, which
not to, or may not be able to, obtain financing to pur- would adversely affect our results of operations
chase our cars. and financial condition.
Our dealer and retail customer financing in
WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO PROVIDE ADEQUATE Europe are mainly provided through FFS GmbH, our
ACCESS TO FINANCING FOR OUR DEALERS partnership with CA Auto Bank, which is a wholly
AND CLIENTS, AND OUR FINANCIAL SERVICES owned subsidiary of Crédit Agricole Consumer
OPERATIONS MAY BE DISRUPTED. Finance S.A. If we fail to maintain our partnership
with CA Auto Bank, we may not be able to find a suit-
Our dealers enter into wholesale financing arrange- able alternative partner with similar resources and
ments to purchase cars from us to hold in inventory experience and continue to offer financing services
or to use in showrooms and facilitate retail sales, and to support the sales of Ferrari cars in key European
retail clients use a variety of finance and lease pro- markets, which could adversely affect our results of
grams to acquire cars. operations and financial condition.
In most markets, we rely either on controlled or
associated finance companies or on commercial OUR INSURANCE COVERAGE MAY NOT BE
relationships with third parties, including third party ADEQUATE TO PROTECT US AGAINST ALL
financial institutions, to provide financing to our POTENTIAL LOSSES TO WHICH WE MAY BE
dealers and retail clients. Finance companies are SUBJECT, WHICH COULD HAVE A MATERIAL
subject to various risks that could negatively affect ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS.
their ability to provide financing services at compet-
itive rates, including: We maintain insurance coverage that we believe
is adequate to cover normal risks associated with
the performance of loans and leases in their the operation of our business. However, there can
portfolio, which could be materially affected by be no assurance that any claim under our insur-
delinquencies or defaults; ance policies will be honored fully or timely, our in-
higher than expected car return rates and the re- surance coverage will be sufficient in any respect
sidual value performance of cars they lease, and or our insurance premiums will not increase sub-
fluctuations in interest rates and currency ex- stantially. Accordingly, to the extent that we suffer
change rates. loss or damage that is not covered by insurance or
which exceeds our insurance coverage, or have to
Furthermore, to help fund our retail and wholesale fi- pay higher insurance premiums, our financial con-
nancing business, our financial services companies dition may be affected.
in the United States also access forms of funding
available from the banking system in each market, RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON SHARES
including sales or securitization of receivables either
in negotiated sales or through asset-backed financ-
ing programs. At December 31, 2025, an amount of THE MARKET PRICE AND TRADING
$1,514 million was outstanding under revolving se- VOLUME OF OUR COMMON SHARES MAY
curitizations carried out by Ferrari Financial Services BE VOLATILE, WHICH COULD RESULT IN
Inc. See “Financial Overview—Non-GAAP Financial RAPID AND SUBSTANTIAL LOSSES FOR OUR
Measures—Net Debt and Net Industrial Debt” for ad- SHAREHOLDERS.
ditional information. Should we lose the ability to
access the securitization market at advantageous The market price of our common shares may be
terms or at all, the funding of our controlled or asso- highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctu-
ciated finance companies would become more dif- ations. In addition, the trading volume of our com-
ficult and expensive and our financial condition may mon shares may fluctuate and cause significant
therefore be adversely affected. price variations to occur. If the market price of our
Any financial services provider, including our common shares declines significantly, a sharehold-
controlled finance companies, will face other er may be unable to sell their common shares at or
demands on its capital, as well as liquidity issues above their purchase price, if at all. The market price
relating to other investments or to developments in of our common shares may fluctuate or decline sig-
the credit markets. Furthermore, they may be sub- nificantly in the future. Some of the factors that could
ject to regulatory changes that may increase their negatively affect the price of our common shares, or
costs or prudential requirements, which may impair result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of
their ability to provide competitive financing prod- our common shares, include:
variations in our operating results, or failure to dends, the election and removal of the members of
meet the market’s earnings expectations; our board of directors (the “Board of Directors”),
publication of research reports about us, the au- capital increases and amendments to our articles
tomotive industry or the luxury industry, or the of association. In addition, as of February 4, 2026,
failure of securities analysts to cover our com- Trust Piero Ferrari, a Jersey trust established by
mon shares; Piero Ferrari, the Vice Chairman of Ferrari, holds
departures of any members of our management approximately 10.67 percent of our outstanding
team or additions or departures of other key per- common shares. Piero Ferrari holds the usufruct
sonnel; over such shares including the right to exercise the
adverse market reaction to any indebtedness we voting rights of such shares, corresponding to ap-
may incur or securities we may issue in the future; proximately 16.17 percent of voting interest in us (as
actions by shareholders; of February 4, 2026). The percentages of ownership
changes in market valuations of similar and voting power above are calculated based on
companies; the number of outstanding shares net of treasury
changes or proposed changes in laws or regula- shares. As a result, Piero Ferrari also has influence
tions, or differing interpretations thereof, affect- in matters submitted to a vote of our sharehold-
ing our business, or enforcement of these laws ers. Exor, Piero Ferrari and Trust Piero Ferrari in-
and regulations, or announcements relating to formed us that they have entered into a sharehold-
these matters; er agreement, most recently amended on January
• adverse publicity about the automotive industry 3, 2026, pursuant to which they have undertaken
or the luxury industry generally, or particularly to consult for the purpose of forming, where pos-
scandals relating to those industries, specifically; sible, a common view on the items on the agenda
litigation and governmental investigations, and of shareholders meetings, and with respect to the
general market and economic conditions. profiles of potential candidates for appointment to
the Board of Directors. See “Major Shareholders -
THE LOYALTY VOTING PROGRAM MAY AFFECT Shareholders’ Agreement”. The interests of Exor
THE LIQUIDITY OF OUR COMMON SHARES AND and Piero Ferrari may in certain cases differ from
REDUCE OUR COMMON SHARE PRICE. those of other shareholders. In addition, the sale of
substantial amounts of our common shares in the
Our loyalty voting program could reduce the trad- public market by Trust Piero Ferrari or by Exor or
ing liquidity and adversely affect the trading prices the perception that such a sale could occur could
of our common shares. The loyalty voting program adversely affect the prevailing market price of the
is intended to reward our shareholders for main- common shares.
taining long-term share ownership by granting ini-
tial shareholders and persons holding our common WE MAY HAVE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF
shares continuously for at least three years the op- INTEREST WITH STELLANTIS AND EXOR AND
tion to elect to receive special voting shares. Special ITS RELATED COMPANIES.
voting shares cannot be traded and, if common
shares participating in the loyalty voting program Questions relating to conflicts of interest may arise
are sold, they must be deregistered from the loy- between us and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V., our
alty register and any corresponding special voting former largest shareholder, renamed Stellantis
shares transferred to us for no consideration (om N.V. (hereinafter also “Stellantis” and together with
niet). This loyalty voting program is designed to en- its subsidiaries, the “Stellantis Group”), in a number
courage a stable shareholder base and, converse- of areas relating to common shareholdings and
ly, it may deter trading by shareholders that may be management, as well as our past and ongoing re-
interested in participating in our loyalty voting pro- lationships. There are certain overlaps among the
gram. Therefore, the loyalty voting program may re- directors and officers of us and Stellantis. For ex-
duce liquidity in our common shares and adversely ample, Mr. John Elkann, our Executive Chairman, is
affect their trading price. the Chairman and an executive director of Stellantis
and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Exor.
THE INTERESTS OF OUR LARGEST Certain of our other directors and officers may also
SHAREHOLDERS MAY DIFFER FROM THE be directors or officers of Stellantis or Exor, our and
INTERESTS OF OTHER SHAREHOLDERS. Stellantis’s largest shareholder. These individuals
owe duties both to us and to the other companies
Exor N.V. (“Exor”) is our largest shareholder, hold- that they serve as officers and/or directors, which
ing approximately 21.33 percent of our outstand- may create conflicts as, for example, these individ-
ing common shares and approximately 32.32 per- uals review opportunities that may be appropriate
cent of our voting power (as of February 4, 2026). or suitable for both us and such other companies,
Therefore, Exor has a significant influence over or we pursue business transactions in which both
matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders, we and such other companies have an interest.
including matters such as adoption of the annual Exor holds approximately 21.33 percent of our out-
financial statements, declarations of annual divi- standing common shares and approximately 32.32
43
44
percent of the voting power in us (as of February 4, WE ARE A DUTCH PUBLIC COMPANY WITH
2026), while it holds approximately 15.50 percent LIMITED LIABILITY, AND OUR SHAREHOLDERS
of the outstanding common shares in Stellantis MAY HAVE RIGHTS DIFFERENT TO THOSE OF
(based on Exor’s latest public filings available). The SHAREHOLDERS OF COMPANIES ORGANIZED
percentages of ownership and voting power above IN THE UNITED STATES.
are calculated based on the number of outstanding
shares net of treasury shares. These ownership in- The rights of our shareholders may be different
terests could create actual, perceived or potential from the rights of shareholders governed by the
conflicts of interest when these parties or our com- laws of U.S. jurisdictions. We are a Dutch public com-
mon directors and officers are faced with decisions pany with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap).
that could have different implications for us and Our corporate affairs are governed by our articles
Stellantis or Exor, as applicable. of association and by the laws governing companies
incorporated in the Netherlands. The rights of our
OUR LOYALTY VOTING PROGRAM MAY MAKE shareholders and the responsibilities of members
IT MORE DIFFICULT FOR SHAREHOLDERS of our Board of Directors may be different from
TO ACQUIRE A CONTROLLING INTEREST the rights of shareholders and the responsibilities
IN FERRARI, CHANGE OUR MANAGEMENT of members of board of directors in companies
OR STRATEGY OR OTHERWISE EXERCISE governed by the laws of other jurisdictions includ-
INFLUENCE OVER US, WHICH MAY AFFECT THE ing the United States. In the performance of its du-
MARKET PRICE OF OUR COMMON SHARES. ties, our Board of Directors is required by Dutch law
to consider our interests and the interests of our
The provisions of our articles of association which shareholders, our employees and other stakehold-
establish the loyalty voting program may make it ers, in all cases with due observation of the princi-
more difficult for a third party to acquire, or attempt ples of reasonableness and fairness. It is possible
to acquire, control of our company, even if a change that some of these parties will have interests that
of control were considered favorably by sharehold- are different from, or in addition to, your interests
ers holding a majority of our common shares. As a as a shareholder.
result of the loyalty voting program, a relatively large
proportion of the voting power of Ferrari could be WE EXPECT TO MAINTAIN OUR STATUS AS A
concentrated in a relatively small number of share- “FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER” UNDER THE RULES
holders who would have significant influence over AND REGULATIONS OF THE SEC AND, THUS,
us. As of February 4, 2026, Exor had approximately ARE EXEMPT FROM A NUMBER OF RULES
21.33 percent of our outstanding common shares UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AND ARE
and a voting interest in Ferrari of approximately 32.32 PERMITTED TO FILE LESS INFORMATION
percent. As of February 4, 2026, Trust Piero Ferrari, a WITH THE SEC THAN A COMPANY
Jersey trust established by Piero Ferrari held voting INCORPORATED IN THE UNITED STATES.
rights relating to approximately 10.67 percent of our
outstanding common shares. Piero Ferrari holds the As a “foreign private issuer”, we are exempt from
usufruct over such shares including the right to ex- rules under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
ercise the voting rights of such shares, correspond- amended (the “Exchange Act”) that impose certain
ing to, as a result of the loyalty voting mechanism, ap- disclosure and procedural requirements for proxy
proximately 16.17 percent of the voting power in our solicitations under Section 14 of the Exchange Act. In
shares. The percentages of ownership and voting addition, our officers, Directors and principal share-
power above are calculated based on the number holders are exempt from the reporting and “short-
of outstanding shares net of treasury shares. In ad- swing” profit recovery provisions of Section 16 of
dition, Exor and Piero Ferrari informed us that they the Exchange Act and the rules under the Exchange
have entered into a shareholder agreement, recently Act with respect to their purchases and sales of our
amended to reflect adherence by Trust Piero Ferrari, common shares. Moreover, we are not required to
summarized under “Major Shareholders”. As a result, file periodic reports and financial statements with
Exor and Piero Ferrari may exercise significant in- the SEC as frequently or as promptly as U.S. com-
fluence on matters involving our shareholders. Exor panies whose securities are registered under the
and Piero Ferrari and other shareholders participat- Exchange Act, nor are we required to comply with
ing in the loyalty voting program may have the pow- Regulation FD, which restricts the selective disclo-
er effectively to prevent or delay change of control sure of material information. Accordingly, there
or other transactions that may otherwise benefit may be less publicly available information concern-
our shareholders. The loyalty voting program may ing us than there is for U.S. public companies.
also prevent or discourage shareholder initiatives
aimed at changing Ferrari’s management or strate-
gy or otherwise exerting influence over Ferrari. See
“Corporate Governance—Loyalty Voting Program”.
OUR ABILITY TO PAY DIVIDENDS States upon these persons. It may also be difficult
ON OUR COMMON SHARES MAY BE LIMITED for U.S. investors to enforce within the United States
AND THE LEVEL OF FUTURE DIVIDENDS judgments against us predicated upon the civil lia-
IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE. bility provisions of the securities laws of the United
States or any state thereof. In addition, there is un-
Our payment of dividends on our common shares certainty as to whether the courts outside the United
in the future will be subject to business conditions, States would recognize or enforce judgments of
financial conditions, earnings, cash balances, com- U.S. courts obtained against us or our Directors and
mitments, strategic plans and other factors that our officers predicated upon the civil liability provisions
Board of Directors may deem relevant at the time it of the securities laws of the United States or any
recommends approval of the dividend. Our dividend state thereof. Therefore, it may be difficult to en-
policy is subject to change in the future based on force U.S. judgments against us, our Directors and
changes in statutory requirements, market trends, officers and our independent registered public ac-
strategic developments, capital requirements and a counting firm.
number of other factors. In addition, under our arti-
cles of association and Dutch law, dividends may be RISKS RELATED TO TAXATION
declared on our common shares only if the amount of
equity exceeds the paid up and called up capital plus
the reserves that have to be maintained pursuant to CHANGES TO TAXATION OR THE
Dutch law or the articles of association. Further, even INTERPRETATION OR APPLICATION OF TAX
if we are permitted under our articles of association LAWS COULD HAVE AN ADVERSE IMPACT
and Dutch law to pay cash dividends on our com- ON OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND
mon shares, we may not have sufficient cash to pay FINANCIAL CONDITION.
dividends in cash on our common shares. We are a
holding company and our operations are conduct- Our business is subject to various taxes in different
ed through our subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to jurisdictions (mainly Italy), which include, among oth-
pay dividends primarily depends on the ability of our ers, the Italian corporate income tax (“IRES”), region-
subsidiaries, particularly Ferrari S.p.A., to generate al trade tax (“IRAP”), value added tax (“VAT”), excise
earnings and to provide us with the necessary finan- duty, registration tax and other indirect taxes. We
cial resources. are exposed to the risk that our overall tax burden
may increase in the future.
OUR MAINTENANCE OF TWO EXCHANGE Changes in tax laws or regulations or in the posi-
LISTINGS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT LIQUIDITY tion of the relevant Italian and non-Italian authorities
IN THE MARKET FOR OUR COMMON regarding the application, administration or inter-
SHARES AND COULD RESULT IN PRICING pretation of these laws or regulations, particularly if
DIFFERENTIALS OF OUR COMMON SHARES applied retrospectively, could have negative effects
BETWEEN THE TWO EXCHANGES. on our current business model and have a material
adverse effect on our business, operating results
Our shares are listed on both the NYSE and Euronext and financial condition.
Milan. The dual listing of our common shares may split In order to reduce future potential disputes
trading between the NYSE and Euronext Milan, ad- with tax authorities, in June 2023 we entered into
versely affect the liquidity of the shares and the devel- an advance pricing agreement (APA) with the tax
opment of an active trading market for our common authorities for transfer pricing on intercompany
shares in one or both markets, and may result in price transactions between Ferrari S.p.A. and its foreign
differentials between the exchanges. Differences in subsidiaries. The APA covers the next 5 fiscal years
the trading schedules, as well as volatility in the ex- and may be renewed for an additional period with the
change rate of the two trading currencies, among consent of both parties.
other factors, may result in different trading prices We were admitted to the Cooperative Compliance
for our common shares on the two exchanges. Regime in Italy by the Italian Revenue Agency, which
provides for constant and preventive discussions
IT MAY BE DIFFICULT TO ENFORCE U.S. between the taxpayer and the Italian tax authorities
JUDGMENTS AGAINST US. on the most significant transactions. This admission
is effective as of 2022 (the year in which the applica-
We are organized under the laws of the Netherlands, tion was filed), and was preceded by the adoption
and a substantial portion of our assets are outside and validation by Italian tax authorities of an internal
of the United States. Most of our Directors and se- tax risk control system, referred to as the Tax Control
nior management and our independent registered Framework (TCF).
public accounting firm are resident outside the In addition, tax laws are complex and subject to
United States, and all or a substantial portion of their subjective valuations and interpretive decisions, and
respective assets may be located outside the United we will periodically be subject to tax audits aimed at
States. As a result, it may be difficult for U.S. inves- assessing our compliance with direct and indirect
tors to effect service of process within the United taxes. The tax authorities may not agree with our
45
46
interpretations of, or the positions we have taken or of each special voting share is minimal. However,
intend to take on, tax laws applicable to our ordinary the relevant tax authorities could assert that the
activities and extraordinary transactions. In case of value of the special voting shares as determined by
challenges by the tax authorities to our interpreta- us is incorrect.
tions, we could face long tax proceedings that could The tax treatment of the loyalty voting program is
result in the payment of penalties and have a mate- unclear and shareholders are urged to consult their
rial adverse effect on our operating results, business tax advisors in respect of the consequences of acquir-
and financial condition. ing, owning and disposing of special voting shares.
THERE MAY BE POTENTIAL “PASSIVE WE CURRENTLY BENEFIT OR SEEK TO BENEFIT
FOREIGN INVESTMENT COMPANY” TAX FROM CERTAIN SPECIAL TAX REGIMES, WHICH
CONSIDERATIONS FOR U.S. HOLDERS. MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN THE FUTURE.
Shares of our stock would be stock of a “passive for- In September 2018, the Group signed an agree-
eign investment company”, or a PFIC, for U.S. federal ment with the Italian Revenue Agency regarding the
income tax purposes with respect to a U.S. holder if “Patent Box” tax regime, introduced by Italian Law No.
for any taxable year in which such U.S. holder held 190/2014, which provided for a 50% exemption from
shares of our stock, after the application of applica- taxation for business income generated through the
ble “look-through rules” (i) 75 percent or more of our direct or indirect use of qualified intangible assets
gross income for the taxable year consists of “pas- such as copyrights, patents, trademarks, designs,
sive income” (including dividends, interest, gains and know-how. This ruling covered the period from
from the sale or exchange of investment property 2015 to 2019. For the subsequent period from 2020
and rents and royalties other than rents and royal- to 2024, the Group continued to apply the same rules
ties which are received from unrelated parties in established in the agreement, in accordance with the
connection with the active conduct of a trade or busi- applicable tax regulations in Italy, with the related tax
ness, as defined in applicable Treasury Regulations), benefit recognized over three annual installments.
or (ii) at least 50 percent of our assets for the taxable Law Decree No. 146/2021, as amended by the
year (averaged over the year and determined based 2022 Italian budget law, replaced the previous Patent
upon value) produce or are held for the production Box regime with a new regime introducing a 110%
of “passive income”. U.S. persons who own shares “super tax deduction” for research and develop-
of a PFIC are subject to a disadvantageous U.S. fed- ment expenses related to eligible intangible assets
eral income tax regime with respect to the income registered from 2021 onwards. Italian tax legislation
derived by the PFIC, the dividends they receive from provides for a transitional period during which both
the PFIC, and the gain, if any, they derive from the regimes coexist until 2024, when the original regime
sale or other disposition of their shares in the PFIC. ends. The amount of related tax benefits (if any) that
While we believe that shares of our stock are the Group may receive in the future from the Patent
not stock of a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax pur- Box remains subject to uncertainty.
poses, this conclusion is based on a factual determi- In addition, we benefit from the measures intro-
nation made annually and thus is subject to change. duced in Italy by art. 110 of Law Decree no. 104/2020,
Moreover, our common shares may become stock converted into Law no.126/2020, which reopened
of a PFIC in future taxable years if there were to be the voluntary step up of tangible and intangible
changes in our assets, income or operations. assets, with the application of a three-percent sub-
stitutive tax rate.
THE CONSEQUENCES OF THE LOYALTY VOTING Furthermore, we currently calculate taxes due
PROGRAM ARE UNCERTAIN. in Italy based, among other things, on certain tax
breaks recognized by Italian tax regulations for
No statutory, judicial or administrative authority di- R&D expenses and for the investments on manu-
rectly discusses how the receipt, ownership, or dis- facturing equipment.
position of special voting shares should be treated These measures continue to mitigate the tax
for Italian or U.S. tax purposes and as a result, the tax burden in Italy. Significant changes in regulations or
consequences in those jurisdictions are uncertain. interpretation might adversely affect the availability
The fair market value of the special voting of such exemptions and result in higher tax charges.
shares, which may be relevant to the tax conse- See also “Changes to taxation or the interpretation or
quences, is a factual determination and is not gov- application of tax laws could have an adverse impact
erned by any guidance that directly addresses on our results of operations and financial condition”.
such a situation. Because, among other things, our
special voting shares are not transferable (other
than, in very limited circumstances, together with
the associated common shares) and a shareholder
will receive amounts in respect of the special vot-
ing shares only if we are liquidated, we believe and
intend to take the position that the fair market value
OVERVIEW prestigious endurance races, for three consecu-
tive years (2023, 2024, and 2025) and, in 2025, also
secured both the World Manufacturers’ and World
Ferrari is one of the world’s leading luxury brands, Drivers’ Championships, bringing a top-class endur-
encompassing racing, sports cars and lifestyle. ance title back to Maranello after 53 years. From its
In each of these, the Prancing Horse is a symbol of home in Maranello, Italy, Ferrari designs, engineers,
exclusivity, innovation and cutting-edge perfor- and produces some of the world’s most iconic and
mance. The brand’s heritage and global recogni- recognizable luxury sports cars. Sold in over 60
tion are closely associated with its Formula 1 rac- markets worldwide through a network of 181 autho-
ing team, Scuderia Ferrari, the most successful rized dealers operating 195 points of sale as of the
in the sport’s history. Since the inaugural World end of 2025, they represent the epitome of design,
Championship in 1950, Scuderia Ferrari has claimed performance and driving thrills. In lifestyle, Ferrari
16 Constructors’ and 15 Drivers’ world titles. In the designs and creates a selection of personal luxury
FIA World Endurance Championship, Ferrari won goods, collectibles and experiences that embody the
the 24 Hours of Le Mans, one of the world’s most brand’s elevated style and passion.
The following table presents the Group’s car shipments, net revenues,
operating profit (EBIT), net profit and net profit before income tax expense,
financial expenses/(income), net and amortization and depreciation
(EBITDA) for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. For
additional information regarding EBITDA, including a reconciliation of
EBITDA to net profit, as well as other non-GAAP financial measures we
present, see “Financial Overview—Non-GAAP Financial Measures”.
(Number of cars and € million)
Car shipments(1) 13,640 13,752 13,663
Net revenues 7,146 6,677 5,970
Operating profit (EBIT) 2,110 1,888 1,617
Net profit 1,600 1,526 1,257
EBITDA 2,772 2,555 2,279
(1) Excluding strictly limited racing cars (such as the XX Programme and the 499P Modificata), one-off and pre-owned cars, and other
special sales.
Whilst broadening our product portfolio to gather We focus our marketing and promotion efforts on
different client profiles and needs, we continue to the investments we make in our racing activities
pursue a controlled volume car production strate- and, in particular, our participation in the FIA Formula
gy in order to maintain a reputation for exclusivity 1 World Championship with Scuderia Ferrari and
and scarcity among purchasers of our cars and we the FIA World Endurance Championship with the
carefully manage our production volumes and de- Ferrari Endurance Team. The FIA Formula 1 World
livery waiting lists to promote this reputation. We Championship is pinnacle of motorsport and one of
divide our regional markets into (i) Europe, Middle the most watched annual sports series in the world,
East and Africa (“EMEA”), (ii) Americas, (iii) Mainland with a global fan base of approximately 827 million,
China, Hong Kong and Taiwan, and (iv) Rest of Asia- making it one of the most popular annual sporting
Pacific (“APAC”), which represented respective- properties globally, an average of ~70 million viewers
ly 46.5 percent, 28.9 percent, 6.9 percent and 17.7 per race weekend across key markets, and a boom-
percent of units shipped in 2025. The geographic ing digital footprint with over 114 million social media
allocation of our shipments and their mix by prod- followers, while total digital engagements surpassed
uct reflects our allocation strategy aimed at pre- 2.3 billion interactions in 2025 (Source: Formula 1 2025
serving the brand’s exclusivity and is generally in- season end-of-year reporting, Liberty Formula One
fluenced by the timing and pace of model phase-in Group). Although our most recent Formula 1 world
and phase-out, the length of waiting lists, and other title was in 2008, we continuously enhance our fo-
market-specific factors and conditions, including cus on Formula 1 activities with the goal of improving
our commercial strategy and opportunities for racing results and restoring our historical position
further growth. as the premier racing team in Formula 1. We believe
that these activities support the strength and aware-
47
48
ness of our brand among motor enthusiasts, clients 2015 with an indefinite duration. Our official seat
and the general public. Beyond Formula 1, we com- (statutaire zetel) is in Amsterdam, the Netherlands,
pete in several other motorsport events, recording and our corporate address and principal place of
victories in some of the world’s most prestigious en- business are located at Via Abetone Inferiore n. 4,
durance races, including the 24 Hours of Le Mans in I-41053 Maranello (MO), Italy. Ferrari is registered
2023, 2024 and 2025. In the 2025 FIA World Endurance with the Dutch Trade Register of the Chamber of
Championship, we won the World Manufacturers’ Commerce under number 64060977. Its telephone
Championship, bringing an overall top-class endur- number is +39-0536-949111. The name and ad-
ance title back to Maranello after 53 years, along with dress of the Company’s agent in the United States
the World Drivers’ Championship with the crew of is: Ferrari North America, Inc., 250 Sylvan Avenue,
Ferrari’s 499P number 51. In addition, in June 2025, Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632. Its telephone number is
we introduced the Ferrari Hypersail project, a sailing +1 (201) 816 2600.
sporting initiative that combines the brand’s racing Our company is named after our founder Enzo
heritage with advanced technological innovation. The Ferrari. An Alfa Romeo driver since 1924, Enzo
project serves as a research and development plat- Ferrari founded his own racing team, Scuderia
form focused on offshore sailing, involving Ferrari en- Ferrari, in Modena in 1929 initially to race Alfa
gineers working closely with leading nautical experts. Romeo cars. In 1939 he set up his own com-
Ferrari’s presence in the broader luxury land- pany, initially called Auto Avio Costruzioni. In late
scape is key to ensure brand relevance across 1943, Enzo Ferrari moved his headquarters from
present and future generations and to amplify the Modena to Maranello, which remains our head-
cultural relevance of our brand. Additionally, lifestyle quarters to this day.
activities represent a powerful channel to elevate In 1947, we produced our first racing car, the
and expand the overall experience of our clients. As 125 S. The 125 S’s powerful 12-cylinder engine would
one of the world’s primary luxury brands, we oper- go on to become synonymous with the Ferrari brand.
ate in carefully selected luxury and lifestyle catego- In 1948, the first road car, the Ferrari 166 Inter, was
ries - personal luxury goods, collectibles and experi- produced. Styling quickly became an integral part of
ences, the role of which is to fuel long-term growth by the Ferrari brand.
broadening our customer base and expanding our In 1950, we began our participation in the Formula
unique value proposition beyond our core business, 1 World Championship, racing in the world’s sec-
while preserving the brand’s DNA, its heritage and ond Grand Prix in Monaco, which makes Scuderia
values. We create memories with our clients, and aim Ferrari the longest running Formula 1 team. We
to strengthen the sense of belonging to the Ferrari won our first Constructor World Title in 1952. Our
community with each Ferrari experience. See below success on the world’s tracks and roads extends
“Overview of Our Business—Lifestyle”. beyond Formula 1, including victories in some of the
As part of our lifestyle activities, we launched our most important car races such as the 24 Hours of
own Ferrari fashion collection with dedicated fash- Le Mans, the world’s oldest endurance automobile
ion shows since June 2021 and we have continued race, and the 24 Hours of Daytona.
with successive showcases culminating in the latest The Fiat group acquired a 50 percent stake in
displays in February 2025 and September 2025. We Ferrari S.p.A. in 1969 and increased its stake to 90
also license the Ferrari brand to a limited number of percent in 1988 following the death of Enzo Ferrari,
producers and retailers of luxury and lifestyle sec- with the remaining 10 percent held by Enzo Ferrari’s
tors, including theme parks that, we believe, enhance son, Piero Ferrari.
the brand experience of our loyal clients and Ferrari Ferrari became an independent, publicly traded
enthusiasts. The world of Ferrari can also be experi- company following its separation from FCA (follow-
enced in our Ferrari Museum in Maranello and in the ing the merger with Peugeot S.A. in January 2021,
Enzo Ferrari Museum in Modena. Stellantis), which was completed on January 3, 2016
As of December 31, 2025, our international (the “Separation”) and occurred through a series
network of Ferrari Stores consisted of 16 Ferrari- of transactions including (i) an intragroup restruc-
owned directly operated stores and 2 franchised turing which resulted in the Company’s acquisition
stores where visitors can find our fashion collection, of the assets and business of Ferrari North Europe
as well as on our website. Limited and the transfer by FCA of its 90 percent
We will continue focusing our efforts on protect- shareholding in Ferrari S.p.A. to the Company, (ii) the
ing and enhancing the value of our brand to preserve transfer of Piero Ferrari’s 10 percent shareholding
our strong financial profile and fuel long term growth in Ferrari S.p.A. to the Company, (iii) the initial public
in existing and emerging markets, while expanding the offering of common shares of the Company on the
Ferrari brand to carefully selected lifestyle categories. New York Stock Exchange in October 2015 under
the ticker symbol RACE, and (iv) the distribution, fol-
HISTORY OF THE COMPANY lowing the initial public offering, of FCA’s remaining
interest in the Company to FCA’s shareholders. On
Ferrari N.V. was incorporated as a public limited January 4, 2016, the Company also completed the
liability company (naamloze vennootschap) un- listing of its common shares on the MTA, under the
der the laws of the Netherlands on September 4, ticker symbol RACE.
50
INDUSTRY OVERVIEW market price including VAT as reference). This new
reference market has been defined as the “Enlarged
Luxury Performance Car Industry”. After recovering
Within the luxury goods market, we currently de- and surpassing pre-pandemic volumes in 2022, the
fine our target market for luxury performance cars Enlarged Luxury Performance Car Industry contin-
powered by engines producing more than 500 hp ued to grow up to 2024, showing a slowdown in 2025.
and selling at a retail price in excess of Euro 200,000 More than in other segments of the broader lux-
(Italian market price including VAT has been used as ury market, in the Enlarged Luxury Performance Car
reference) (the “Luxury Performance Car Industry”). Industry, a significant portion of demand is driven by
Historically, the growth patterns in the Luxury new product launches. The market share of individ-
Performance Car Industry have followed those in the ual producers fluctuates over time reflecting the tim-
broader luxury market relatively closely. The Luxury ing of product launches. New launches tend to drive
Performance Car Industry is generally affected by sales volumes even in difficult market environments
global macroeconomic conditions and, although we because the novelty, exclusivity and excitement of
and certain other manufacturers have proven rela- a new product is capable of creating and capturing
tively resilient, general downturns can have a dispro- its own demand from clients. The Enlarged Luxury
portionate impact on sales of luxury goods in light of Performance Car Industry has also been experienc-
the discretionary nature of consumer spending in ing an increased demand for personalization and dig-
this market. Furthermore, because of the emotional ital connectivity, with several industry players intro-
nature of the purchasing decision, economic confi- ducing customized solutions to serve local markets.
dence and factors such as expectations regarding In line with the characteristics of the market as
future income streams as well as the social accept- noted above, one of the key elements influencing the
ability of luxury goods may impact sales. performance of the Enlarged Luxury Performance
Following the sharp recession of 2008-2009, the Car Industry in 2023, 2024 and 2025 has been the
Luxury Performance Car Industry has been resilient renewed product offering by several competitors,
to further economic downturns and stagnation in which has counterbalanced several adverse global
the broader economy, driven by an increase in new events and geopolitical tensions. Most of the produc-
product launches. A sustained period of wealth cre- ers in the Enlarged Luxury Performance Car Industry
ation in several Asian countries and, to a lesser extent, managed to navigate through these difficulties by
in the Americas, has led to an expanding population adjusting their supply chain policies and by revising
of potential consumers of luxury goods. Indeed, their pricing strategies, as well as through the afore-
developing consumer preferences in Asian mar- mentioned renewal of their product offerings.
kets, where in recent years the newly affluent have Growing environmental concerns are leading to
increasingly embraced western brands of luxury the implementation of increasingly stringent emis-
products, have also led to higher demand in certain sions regulations and an increase in demand for
countries in Asia for cars in our segment, which are hybrid vehicles. Instead, costs and limited charging
primarily produced by established European manu- infrastructure are currently limiting factors in the
facturers. In turn, the changing demographic of cus- demand for electric vehicles, but advancements in
tomers and potential customers is driving an evolu- battery technology in coming years are expected
tion towards luxury performance cars also suited to increase sales of hybrid and electric high-perfor-
to an urban and more frequent use. Additionally, the mance luxury vehicles, although at a slower pace
growing appetite of younger affluent purchasers compared to mass market vehicles. The ability to
for luxury performance cars has led to new entrants combine driving experience with hybrid and electric
to the industry, which in turn has resulted in higher technology will be key for the commercial success of
sales overall in the market. high-performance luxury vehicles.
After recovering and surpassing pre-pandemic
volumes in 2022, the Luxury Performance Car Industry
continued to grow up to 2024, showing a slowdown in
2025. Ferrari shipments surpassed the 2019 pre-pan-
demic levels in 2021 (a year earlier than the Luxury
Performance Car Industry), continued to grow each
year up to 2023, and have remained broadly stable
since, in line with our growth strategy and plans.
In 2023, Ferrari commenced deliveries of the
Purosangue, the first four-door, four wheel-drive
and four-seater Ferrari, which are continuing as
of the date of this document. Given the broadening
of Ferrari’s car production, the reference Luxury
Performance Car Industry in which Ferrari competes
has been enlarged to include also high-riding four-
door luxury performance cars offering more than
500 hp and priced in excess of Euro 200,000 (Italian
As shown in the chart below, our volumes have historically proven less
volatile than our competitors’. We believe this is due to our strategy of
maintaining low volumes compared to demand, as well as to the higher
number of models in our product portfolio and our more frequent
product launches compared to our competitors.
VOLUMES
FERRARI UNITS
13,000
11,700+
0
Dec 31, 2004 Dec 31, 2025
ENLARGED & LUXURY CAR INDUSTRY UNITS
100,000
65,000+
39,000+
0
Dec 31, 2004 Dec 31, 2025
Ferrari
Luxury Performance Car Industry
Enlarged Luxury Performance Car Industry
Ferrari, Luxury Performance Car In- Communications; Australia-VFACTS-S; which also includes high-riding four
dustry & Enlarged Luxury Performance Japan-JAIA; Indonesia-GAIKINDO; New door luxury performance cars offering
Car Industry data are updated to De- Zealand-VFACTS; Singapore-LTA, MTA more than 500 hp and priced in excess
cember 31, 2025. Data is based on units (Land Transport Authority, Motor Trad- of Euro 200,000 (Italian market price
registered (in Brazil, Japan, Taiwan, Unit- er Associations); South Korea-KAIDA. including VAT as reference), mostly sold
ed Kingdom, Canada, New Zealand, Ger- by the same aforementioned compet-
many, France, Switzerland, Italy, Poland, We identify the Luxury Performance itors with the addition of Land Rover.
Hungary, Czech Republic, Spain, Swe- Car Industry to include all two-door
den, Netherlands, Belgium and Austria) luxury sports cars with power above Ferrari data based on internal informa-
or sold (in USA, South Korea, Mainland 500 hp, and retail price above Euro tion for the 25 Top Countries (exclud-
China, Russia, Australia, Singapore 200,000 (Italian market price includ- ing Middle East countries) for Ferrari
and Indonesia). Source: USA-US Maker ing VAT as reference) sold by Aston annual registrations and sales (which
Data Club; Brazil-JATO; Canada-JATO; Martin, Audi, Bentley, Ferrari, Lambo- accounted for approximately 90% of
Austria-OSZ; Belgium-FEBIAC; France- rghini, Maserati, McLaren, Mercedes the total Ferrari shipments in 2025).
SIV; Germany-KBA; UK-SMMT; Italy-MIT; Benz, Porsche and Rolls-Royce.
Netherlands-VWE; Poland-CEPiK; Hun-
gary-Ministry of the Interior; Czech With the Purosangue, Ferrari entered
Republic-Cars Importers Association; a new segment of four-door and four-
Spain-TRAFICO; Sweden-BranschDa- wheel drive high performance vehicles.
ta; Switzerland-ASTRA; Mainland Chi- As a result, in addition to the Luxury
na-China Automobile Industry Asso- Performance Car Industry historical-
ciation-DataClub & insurance data ly considered, we also identified the
provided by CAM; Russia-AEBRUS; Enlarged Luxury Performance Car
Taiwan-Ministry of Transportation and Industry: a broader market segment
51
52
In 2025, Ferrari’s volumes in the largest 25 markets were in line with 2024,
sustained by our enlarged product range.
The charts below set forth our market shares in 2025 based on volumes
in our largest 25 markets by geographical area.
In 2025, we had a market share of 24% in the Luxury Performance Car
Industry, which is our historic reference market.
LUXURY PERFORMANCE CAR INDUSTRY MARKET SHARE
MARKET
24%
Top 25 Market
24%
EMEA
20%
Americas
36%
Mainland China & Taiwan
35%
Rest of APAC
0 100%
MARKET SHARE
% Ferrari
In 2025, we had a market share of 18% in the Enlarged Luxury
Performance Car Industry, in which also high riding four-door luxury
performance cars are included.
ENLARGED LUXURY PERFORMANCE CAR INDUSTRY MARKET SHARE
MARKET
18%
Top 25 Market
18%
EMEA
14%
Americas
21%
Mainland China & Taiwan
25%
Rest of APAC
0 100%
MARKET SHARE
% Ferrari
Ferrari, Luxury Performance Car In- Austria-OSZ; Belgium-FEBIAC; France- Zealand-VFACTS; Singapore-LTA, MTA
dustry & Enlarged Luxury Performance SIV; Germany-KBA; UK-SMMT; Italy-MIT; (Land Transport Authority, Motor Trad-
Car Industry data are updated to De- Netherlands-VWE; Poland-CEPiK; Hun- er Associations); South Korea-KAIDA
cember 31, 2025. Data is based on units gary- Ministry of the Interior; Czech
registered (in Brazil, Japan, Taiwan, Unit- Republic-Cars Importers Association; We identify the Luxury Performance
ed Kingdom, Canada, New Zealand, Ger- Spain-TRAFICO; Sweden-BranschDa- Car Industry to include all two-door lux-
many, France, Switzerland, Italy, Poland, ta; Switzerland-ASTRA; Mainland Chi- ury sports cars with power above 500
Hungary, Czech Republic, Spain, Swe- na-China Automobile Industry Asso- hp, and retail price above Euro 200,000
den, Netherlands, Belgium and Austria) ciation-DataClub & insurance data (Italian market price including VAT as
or sold (in USA, South Korea, Mainland provided by CAM; Russia-AEBRUS; reference) sold by Aston Martin, Audi,
China, Russia, Australia, Singapore Taiwan-Ministry of Transportation and Bentley, Ferrari, Lamborghini, Masera-
and Indonesia). Source: USA-US Maker Communications; Australia-VFACTS-S; ti, McLaren, Mercedes Benz, Porsche
Data Club; Brazil-JATO; Canada-JATO; Japan-JAIA; Indonesia-GAIKINDO; New and Rolls-Royce. Ferrari is market lead-
er in several countries, including Italy, market segment which also includes Ferrari data based on internal informa-
France, Japan, Mainland China, Singa- high-riding four-door luxury perfor- tion for the 25 Top Countries (exclud-
pore and South Korea among others. mance cars offering more than 500 hp ing Middle East countries) for Ferrari
and priced in excess of Euro 200,000 annual registrations and sales (which
With the Purosangue, Ferrari en- (Italian market price including VAT as accounted for approximately 90% of
tered in a new segment of four-door reference), mostly sold by the same the total Ferrari shipments in 2025).
and four-wheel drive high perfor- aforementioned competitors with the
mance vehicles. As a result, in addi- addition of Land Rover. With respect
tion to the Luxury Performance Car to the Enlarged perimeter, Ferrari
Industry historically considered, we maintains its leadership in Italy, France,
also identified the Enlarged Luxury Singapore and Japan among others.
Performance Car Industry: a broader
While we monitor our market share as an indica- Benz and Land Rover in certain segments of the mar-
tor of our brand appeal, we do not regard market ket and may vary based on the technical characteris-
share as particularly relevant as compared to other tics and target customer segment for each model.
segments of the automotive industry. We are not fo- Competition in the Enlarged Luxury Performance
cused on market share as a key performance met- Car Industry is primarily driven by the strength of
ric. Instead, we deliberately manage our supply rel- the brand and the appeal of the products in terms of
ative to demand, to defend and promote our brand performance, driving thrills, styling and innovation
exclusivity and premium pricing. as well as by the manufacturers’ ability to regularly
renew their product offerings to continue to stimu-
COMPETITION late customer demand.
Competition among similarly positioned luxury
Competition in the Enlarged Luxury Performance Car performance cars is also driven by price and total cost
Industry is concentrated in a limited number of pro- of ownership. Resilience of the car value after a period
ducers, including both large automotive companies of ownership is an important competitive dimension
that own luxury brands as well as small producers among similarly positioned luxury cars, because
exclusively focused on luxury cars, like us. Our main higher resilience decreases the total cost of owner-
competitors are Lamborghini, McLaren, Aston Martin, ship and promotes repeat purchases: we believe this
Rolls-Royce and Bentley, as well as Porsche, Mercedes is a strong competitive advantage of Ferrari cars.
OVERVIEW OF OUR BUSINESS
SPORTS CAR LINE-UP
RANGE MODELS SPECIAL SERIES ICONA SUPERCAR
In 2025, we launched six new models: 296 Speciale, Our current product portfolio (including cars pre-
296 Speciale A, Amalfi, 849 Testarossa, 849 sented in 2025, for which shipments will commence
Testarossa Spider and the Ferrari Luce, our first in future years) consists of:
full electric model that will join our Range mod-
el line-up. The first reveal phase of the Ferrari nine Range models of which: (i) two V8 inter-
Luce took place in October 2025, with the presen- nal combustion engine (“ICE”) models: Roma
tation of its key technical components and prod- Spider and Amalfi, (ii) three V12 ICE models:
uct development strategy, and was followed in Purosangue, 12Cilindri and 12Cilindri Spider, (iii)
February 2026 by the unveiling of the interior de- two V6 hybrid models: 296 GTB and 296 GTS,
sign and the announcement of the model’s name. and (iv) two V8 hybrid model: 849 Testarossa
and 849 Testarossa Spider;
53
54
four Special Series models: SF90 XX Stradale, We target end clients seeking high performance
SF90 XX Spider, 296 Speciale and 296 Speciale A, cars with distinctive design, state-of-the-art tech-
and nology and outstanding driving dynamics to maxi-
one Supercar model: F80. mize driving emotions. Our broad product portfolio
is designed to fulfill the strategy of “different Ferrari
During the course of the year, we phased out for different Ferraristi” and “different Ferrari for dif-
the following models: SF90 Spider (Range), 812 ferent moments”, which means being able to offer a
Competizione A (Special Series), and Daytona SP3 highly differentiated product line-up that can meet
(limited series Icona model). the varying needs of current and new customer seg-
We also produce track cars and limited edition ments (in terms of sportiness, comfort, on-board
One-Off cars from time to time, as well as other space and design, amongst others) and that can al-
strictly limited-series cars that may be for track low our existing clients to use a Ferrari in various mo-
or non-track use. In addition, we sell special sales, ments of their lives. We believe that our clients can
including prototypes and avanseries, to selected be divided into two main categories: on the one hand,
interested clients. the “Sports Car Driver”, a client looking for an elegant
Our diversified product offering may include dif- and understated design, who likes driving cars in a
ferent architectures (such as front-engine and mid- variety of locations and conditions, alone or with pas-
rear engine), engine sizes (V6, V8 and V12), technolo- sengers, and who uses Ferrari for longer journeys;
gies (natural aspirated, turbo-charged, hybrid), body on the other hand, the “Pilot”, a client looking for a high
styles (such as coupes, spiders, targa and 4-doors) performing and extreme sports car, who intends to
and seats (2 seaters, 2+ seaters, 4 seaters). drive cars on track and on challenging roads, and
who is looking for an exciting driving experience.
RANGE SPECIAL SERIES
V6 Hybrid V8 V6 Hybrid V8
296 GTB Amalfi V8 296 Speciale SF90 XX
296 GTS Roma Spider V8 296 Speciale A SF90 XX Spider
V8 Hybrid V12 ICONA
V12
849 Testarossa 12Cilindri
Daytona SP3
SUPERCAR
849 Testarossa Spider 12Cilindri Spider V6 Hybrid
Purosangue
F80
POWERTRAIN
ICE HYBRID ELECTRIC
BODY STYLE
COUPÉ SPIDER PUROSANGUE
BODY FRAME
ALUMINUM CARBON FIBER
We are also actively engaged in after sales activities Company’s founding remain in existence today. As
driven, among other things, by the objective of pre- Ferrari continues to evolve through the adoption of
serving and extending the market value of the cars new technologies, the Company remains commit-
we sell. We believe our cars’ performance in terms ted to ensuring that Ferrari owners can continue to
of value after a period of ownership significantly ex- enjoy driving their vehicles over time, reinforcing
ceeds that of any other brand in the luxury car seg- the principle that a Ferrari is designed to endure. To
ment, particularly for models whose volumes are support this commitment, Ferrari provides custom-
strictly limited (e.g. Special Series, Icona, Supercars). er service through a global network of 181 autho-
High residual value is important to the primary mar- rized dealers, each subject to ongoing training and
ket because clients, when purchasing our cars, take periodic evaluation. These services include stan-
into account the expected resale value in assessing dard and extended maintenance and warranty pro-
the overall cost of ownership. Furthermore, a high- grams across all powertrains, designed to support
er residual value potentially lowers the cost for the vehicles throughout their entire life. For addition-
owner to switch to a new model thereby supporting al information relating to our warranty programs,
client loyalty and promoting repeat purchase. The please refer to “Overview of Our Business—Sales
vast majority of Ferrari cars produced since the and After-Sales”.
SPORTSCAR DRIVER PILOT
55
56
The following chart shows the percentage of our unit shipments(1) by
pillar(2) for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023:
PERCENTAGE OF UNIT SHIPMENTS BY PILLAR
SHARE
100%
1% 2% 1%
6% 5% 7%
93% 93%
92%
0%
2023 2024 2025
Icona Special Series Range
(1) Excluding strictly limited racing cars (such as the XX Programme and the 499P Modificata), one-off and pre-owned cars,
and other special sales.
(2) There were no shipments of Supercars during the period from 2023 to 2025.
The following chart shows the percentage of our unit shipments(1) by
geographic market for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023:
PERCENTAGE OF UNIT SHIPMENTS BY GEOGRAPHIC MARKET
SHARE
100%
16.8% 17.3% 17.7%
10.9% 8.4% 6.9%
27.9% 29.1% 28.9%
46.5%
44.4% 45.1%
0%
2023 2024 2025
Rest of Apac Americas
Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan EMEA
(1) Excluding strictly limited racing cars (such as the XX Programme and the 499P Modificata), one-off and pre-owned cars, and other
special sales.
See also “Financial Overview—Trends, Uncertainties and Opportunities—
Shipments”.
The following chart shows the percentage of our unit shipments(1) by
engine type for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023:
PERCENTAGE OF UNIT SHIPMENTS BY ENGINE TYPE
SHARE
100%
44% 51% 42%
56% 58%
49%
0%
2023 2024 2025
Hybrid ICE
(1) Excluding strictly limited racing cars (such as the XX Programme and the 499P Modificata), one-off and pre-owned cars, and other
special sales.
RANGE our Sports Car Driver clients: two models equipped
with our V8 engine, the Roma Spider (620 hp) and
Our Range line comprises products designed for the Amalfi (640 hp), and three models equipped with
both our Pilot and our Sports Car Driver clients. our V12 naturally aspirated engine, the Purosangue
Range models designed for Pilot clients are char- (725 hp), the 12Cilindri (830 hp) and the 12Cilindri
acterized by compact bodies, a design guided by Spider (830 hp).
performance and aerodynamics, that often benefit The Ferrari Luce will also join our Range model
from technologies initially developed for our Formula line-up.
1 single-seaters or other racing activities. They favor
performance over comfort, seeking to provide the SPECIAL SERIES
driver with an immediate response and superior
handling, leveraging state-of-the-art vehicle dynam- From time to time, we also design, engineer and
ics, components and controls. Following the phasing produce Special Series cars which can be limited
out of the SF90 Spider in 2025, we currently offer in time or volume and are usually based on some
the following Range models for our Pilot clients: the of our Range models but introduce novel product
849 Testarossa and 849 Testarossa Spider, which concepts. These cars are characterized by signif-
feature a V8 engine (830 hp) with three electric icant modifications designed to enhance perfor-
motors allowing the car to reach 1,050 hp, and the mance and driving thrills. Our Special Series cars
296 GTB and the 296 GTS, which also feature PHEV are particularly targeted to collectors and, from a
technology and are powered by the first 6-cylinder commercial and product development standpoint,
engine installed on a Ferrari road car producing 830 they facilitate the transition from existing to new
hp of total power output delivered by the new 120° Range models. In 2023, we launched the SF90 XX
V6 engine (663 hp), coupled with an electric motor Stradale and SF90 XX Spider, the new pinnacle of
capable of delivering a further 122 kW (167 hp) – an performance and technological content, and the
unprecedented performance for a V6 car. first XX street legal cars. Shipments of both mod-
Range models designed for Sports Car Driver els started in 2024. In 2025 we launched the 296
clients feature the performance expected of a Speciale and 296 Speciale A, respectively a coupe
Ferrari while offering more refined interiors with a and a targa, both featuring 880 hp V6 mid-rear
higher focus on comfort and on-board life quality. plug-in hybrid engines. Shipments of both models
We currently offer the following Range models for will start in 2026.
57
ICONA hp – along with 697 Nm of torque and maximum revs
of 9500 RPM – making it the most powerful natural-
In September 2018, we introduced a new pillar of our ly aspirated road engine ever built by Ferrari. The
product portfolio: the Icona, a unique concept that Daytona SP3 completed its limited series run in the
takes inspiration from the iconic concepts of our his- third quarter of 2025.
tory and reinterprets them in a modern way, pairing
timeless design with state-of-the-art materials and SUPERCARS
technology. The first example of this strictly limited
edition product line-up is the Ferrari Monza SP1/SP2, In line with our tradition of Supercars starting with
which is inspired by the classic collectible barchetta the GTO (288 GTO) in 1984, and including the F40 in
cars (like the 750 Monza and 860 Monza for exam- 1987, the F50 in 1995, the Enzo in 2002, the LaFerrari
ple), and currently out of production. In 2021, the in 2013, and the LaFerrari Aperta in 2016, we contin-
Daytona SP3 was unveiled. This limited edition tar- ue to produce limited edition Supercars - our latest
ga takes inspiration from legendary Ferrari sports is the F80, unveiled in October 2024. These are the
prototypes of the 1960s (historically equipped with highest expression of Ferrari road car performance
a naturally aspirated V12 engine, mid-rear-mounted at the time and are often the forerunners of techno-
in typical racing car style). The Daytona SP3 follows logical innovations for future Range models, with in-
the same approach and its power unit delivers 840 novative features and futuristic design.
TRACK CARS
TRACK CARS
XX PROGRAMME F1 CLIENTI AND SPORT PROTOTIPI FERRARI CHALLENGE
V12 Hybrid V8-V10-V12 V6 Hybrid V6
FXX-K Evo F1 Clienti 499P Modificata 296 Challenge
COMPETIZIONI GT
V6
296 GT3 EVO
We also develop special track racing cars that are based on our range
and special series models. These cars are not registered for use on the
road and may only be used on track in competitive and non-competitive
race events, including for our XX Programme, Ferrari Challenge, F1
ONE-OFF Clienti and Sport Prototipi.
V6
SC40
59
60
TRACK CARS
XX PROGRAMME F1 CLIENTI AND SPORT PROTOTIPI FERRARI CHALLENGE
V12 Hybrid V8-V10-V12 V6 Hybrid V6
FXX-K Evo F1 Clienti 499P Modificata 296 Challenge
COMPETIZIONI GT
V6
296 GT3 EVO
ONE-OFFS
ONE-OFF
V6
SC40
In order to meet the varying needs of our most loy- models in 2019, and the Ferrari Omologata, based
al and discerning clients, we also produce a very on the 812 Superfast V12 platform in 2020. The last
limited number of One-Off models. While based on models include the BR20, a very elegant V12 based
the chassis and equipped with engines of one of the on the GTC4 Lusso and produced in 2021, and the
current models for homologation and registration SP48 Unica, based on the F8 Tributo, and SP51, based
purposes, these cars reflect the exact exterior and on the 812 Superfast but with an open-air configura-
interior design specifications requested by the cli- tion, both launched in 2022. In 2023, we produced the
ents, and are produced as a single, unique car. Some KC23, a non-homologated car based on the 488 GT3
of the most iconic models emerged from our One- and featuring a futuristic design, as well as the SP-8,
Off program include the SP12 EC (inspired by the which is based on the F8 Tributo and features a par-
512 BB and created in 2011), the F12 TRS (a radical ticular targa design and visible carbon fiber in the
two-seat roadster created on the platform of the front part of the car. In 2025, we produced the SC40,
F12 Berlinetta in 2014), the Ferrari SP38 (a superla- a One-Off model based on the 296 GTB and inspired
tive mid-rear V8 turbo taking inspiration from the by the legendary F40.
legendary Ferrari F40 in 2018), the 458MM Speciale In addition to the aforementioned cars, from time
(the last mid rear model with a V8 naturally aspirat- to time we present other strictly limited-series cars
ed engine in 2016), the Ferrari P80/C, a real track car that may be for track or non-track use.
taking inspiration from past Ferrari Sport Prototipo
The following chart shows our product offering’s strategic pillars in
terms of their appeal to Ferraristi and collectors respectively.
PRODUCT OFFERING STRATEGIC PILLARS
Future Ferraristi Ferraristi Collectors
Range
Special Series
Icona
Supercar
PERSONALIZATION OFFER
PERSONALIZATION OFFER
Maranello
One-Off
TM Center
@Maranello
@New York
@Shanghai
Tailor made
@Los Angeles (2027)
@Tokyo (2027)
Atelier
@Maranello
Special Equipment @New York
@Shanghai
Dealership with
Special Equipment
Personalization Program
“Carrozzeria Scaglietti” Dealership
Each Ferrari represents a masterpiece of engineer- specifically at the client’s request, custom liver-
ing and design, enhanced by a multitude of person- ies, and exterior accents designed to define the
alization options available through our exclusive car’s character in line with the owner’s lifestyle
product portfolio. Today, 100% of our clients’ cars and driving preferences, colored and transition-
are uniquely personalized, reflecting a tiered and be- al carbon fiber elements in dual glossy/matte
spoke approach that ensures every example is one finishes for both the exterior and interior, per-
of a kind. sonalized stitching and embroidery details, and
Among the primary elements, which are contin- luggage sets designed to perfectly match the
ually expanding, are the range of body-color paints, car’s interior;
exclusive livery designs that add a refined touch and visits by Atelier specialists to dealerships to share
better define the car’s character, an increasing selec- best practices and the latest available contents,
tion of leather and Alcantara colors for the interiors, thereby enriching and completing the overall cli-
carbon fiber components in various color variations, ent experience, and
titanium exhaust systems, parking cameras, dual- the “Tailor Made” program, which elevates per-
mode suspension, and state-of-the-art high-fidelity sonalization to a higher level thanks to the assis-
audio systems. tance of dedicated Ferrari designers for each cli-
The demand of our clients, coupled with our per- ent, guiding them in selecting exclusive materials
sonalization offer and the associated experience, such as cashmere, denim, and innovative fibers
results in every car being a unique and irreplaceable for their car. The three collections - Scuderia,
vehicle. It is not merely about configuring a car but Classica, and Inedita - continue to represent the
about providing each client with a unique journey. brand’s essence, celebrating sporting history,
The personalization experience is enhanced traditional style, and experimental innovation, re-
through targeted programs and initiatives designed spectively.
to strengthen our relationships with clients, bring us
closer to them, and provide training for our network, In addition to the existing Tailor Made centers in
elevating the experience for both Ferrari dealers and Maranello, New York and Shanghai, during our 2025
clients. These initiatives include: Capital Markets Day we announced plans to open
new Tailor Made centers in Tokyo and Los Angeles by
the “Atelier” program, where our specialists 2027 and to renew our existing center in Maranello.
guide the client in creating a highly personalized Finally, the “One-Off” program offers the pinnacle
car with a continuously growing and enriching of exclusivity, allowing clients to design a unique car
array of options, ensuring a unique experience. personalized down to the smallest detail. See “One-
These options include special paints created Offs” above for additional details.
61
62
DESIGN The Ferrari Design Centre is organized as an inte-
grated automotive design studio, employing a total
Design is a fundamental and distinctive aspect of our workforce of approximately 60 employees includ-
products and our brand. The design of a Ferrari is a ing designers, 3D surfacing operators, physical
structural part of our innovation process, and every- modelers and graphic artists. It operates a modeling
thing we do to develop the lines of our cars is func- studio fully equipped with 5-axis milling machines
tional to increase their performance and driving with the capacity to develop various full-scale mod-
thrills. Our designers, modelers and engineers work els (interior and exterior) in parallel.
together to create car bodies that incorporate the In September 2018, we opened a new building for
most innovative aerodynamic solutions in the sleek the Ferrari Design Centre, which is our first facility
and powerful lines typical of our cars. The interiors fully dedicated to our in-house design department.
of our cars seek to balance functionality, aesthetics The building hosts two Ateliers, exclusive spaces
and comfort. Cockpits are designed to maximize the dedicated to car customization, and the Tailor Made
driving experience, tending towards more sporty or department, house of Ferrari’s ultimate personaliza-
more comfortable depending on the model. The inte- tion program.
riors of our vehicles boast elegant and sophisticated During its 16-year history, the Ferrari Design
trims and details that enhance the ergonomic layout Centre has designed the majority of our cars, includ-
of all main controls, many of which are clustered on ing our entire current line-up, and has received many
the steering wheel. A guiding principle of our design prestigious design awards for their design. The fol-
is that each new model represents a clear departure lowing is a list of the awards won in the last 2 years:
from prior models and introduces new and distinc-
• tive aesthetic elements, delivering constant innova- Ferrari 12Cilindri & 12Cilindri Spider: iF Gold
tion within the furrow of tradition. Design Award (2025); Red Dot Best of The Best
For the design of our cars we relied historically (2025);
on Italian coachbuilders such as Carrozzeria Touring, Ferrari 12Cilindri: Car Design Award (2025);
Vignale, Scaglietti and Pininfarina. These partner- Ferrari F80: iF Design Award (2025); Red Dot Best
ships helped Ferrari in defining its design language of The Best (2025);
at the forefront of design advance. Throughout the Ferrari 296 GTB: Performance Car of the Year -
years this area of excellence has been recognized Car&Driver USA (2024);
repeatedly by a long series of awards being bestowed Ferrari Vision GT: iF Design Award (2024);
upon Ferrari cars. Ferrari Roma Spider: iF Design Award (2024);
In 2010 we established the Ferrari Design Centre, Red Dot Best of The Best (2024);
our in-house design department, with the objective of Ferrari KC23: iF Design Award(2024); Red Dot
improving control over the entire design process and Design Award (2024);
ensuring long-term continuity of the Ferrari style. The Ferrari SF90 XX Stradale/Spider: iF Design
mission of the Ferrari Design Centre is to define and Award (2024); Red Dot Design Award (2024);
evolve the stylistic direction of the marque, imprint- Ferrari Purosangue: Compasso d’Oro ADI (2024);
ing all new products with a modern stamp, accord- Centro Stile Ferrari and Flavio Manzoni: Awards
ing to a futuristic, uncompromised vision. The name 2024-Salone Auto Torino; Italian Design Week
and logo “Ferrari Design” denotes all concepts and Awards (2024);
works of the Ferrari Design Centre (see “—Intellectual Ferrari 12Cilindri: Luxury Car of the Year - The
Property”). The Ferrari Design Centre handles all Motor Awards (2024); Design Prix- Automobile
aspects of automotive styling for the Ferrari road cars Awards (2024).
product range, encompassing the styling of all body-
work, external components and interior trim, applied The collaboration with the creative collective
to series production models for the Range, Special LoveFrom, which started in September 2021, contin-
Series, Supercars, Icona, One-Offs, concept cars and ues today: the partnership combines Ferrari’s leg-
some track-only models. The Ferrari Design Centre endary performance and excellence with the expe-
also includes a Color & Trim unit which manages the rience and creativity of LoveFrom. This collaboration
choice of materials and finishes for both exterior and took shape in the first electric Ferrari, created under
interior trim and, in addition, is responsible for the LoveFrom’s creative guidance across exterior, in-
Tailor Made program in conjunction with the Product terior and user experience design with a disruptive
Marketing department. The Ferrari Design Centre and innovative approach, inspired by the consum-
is also often involved in the styling and conceptual er-high-tech world.
definition of Ferrari branded products produced by
our licensees (see “—Lifestyle”). In 2019, we created PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT AND
the Advanced Design team, a laboratory that aims at TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION
defining the brand’s design vision, developing new
concepts and formal languages through so far unex- A new Ferrari model’s development process starts
plored methods and tools, and trying to achieve sim- from five key technology foundations: powertrain,
plification and formal purity while staying true to the aerodynamics, vehicle dynamics, architecture, and
Ferrari DNA which has characterized its history. human interface. Together, these elements enable
us to define the key characteristics of each model, Performance – features such as power, aerody-
which are expressed in the three pillars of the Ferrari namics, weight, driveline and mechatronics all con-
competitive advantage: design, performance and tribute to determine the lap time on track. We strive
driving thrill. to ensure that every Ferrari is the best performing
Design – sight is the first sense to enjoy a Ferrari car in its segment.
and the design of a Ferrari is a structural part of Driving thrills – a key differentiator of Ferrari
our innovation process. We develop the design of cars. There are five main elements to driving thrills:
our cars to enhance their performance and driving longitudinal acceleration, lateral acceleration, brak-
thrills (see also the previous paragraph). ing, gear change and sound.
FOUNDATIONS AND PILLARS
1 PERCEPTION
FERRARI
EMOTIONS
3 PILLARS OF
Driving thrills
COMPETITIVE
ADVANTAGE Design
Performance
5 TECHNOLOGY Powertrain
FOUNDATIONS
Aerodynamics
Vehicle dynamics
Architecture
Human interface
INNOVATION PRINCIPLES crafted in Ferrari’s e-Building, inaugurated in 2024.
This enables us to differentiate both the technology
Ferrari’s ethos of continuous innovation has always and performance of our vehicles. Battery cells will
been focused on our clients’ desires. We believe continue to be sourced from our strategic partners.
in giving them true freedom of choice in how their Following this philosophy, the Ferrari Luce is a
car is powered. Yet, whatever the powertrain, each concentration of innovative thinking and technical
Ferrari is created to ignite the powerful emotions creativity, ensuring distinctive Ferrari emotions. It
that are at the heart of our cars’ driving experience. widens our range models in terms of driving thrills,
In developing our product portfolio, the princi- experience on board and useability while providing a
ples of technology neutrality and production agility completely personalized driving experience.
allow us to combine internal combustion, hybrid and The new generation of Ferrari hybrid vehicles will
electric powertrains with various body styles and be created from a combination of the finest combus-
chassis configurations, ultimately creating sports tion and electric technologies, featuring electrical
cars that provide unique driving emotions. and electronic components developed and manu-
Our V6, V8 and V12 combustion engines will con- factured in-house.
tinue to be offered and innovated, in line with new In 2025, we launched the Hypersail project, which
global regulations and with a focus on increasing stems from our track-to-road expertise in both
specific power output and ensuring compatibility Formula 1 and Endurance racing, part of our DNA
with alternative fuels. since the very beginning of our journey. A 100-foot
Our electrification journey, which began in 2009, ocean-racing monohull prototype, Hypersail blends
is another example of our distinctive approach our racing tradition with technological innovation
to technology. Strategic components, including and aims to establish an outstanding research and
high-voltage battery packs, e-axles, inverters and development platform focused on offshore sailing.
electric engines, are designed, engineered and hand-
63
64
TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER
FORMULA 1
•Thermal and electric engine
•Power electronics
•Battery cells
ENDURANCE
•Aerodynamics
•Carbon fiber chassis
•Brakes
HYPERSAIL
•Human interface
•Energy management
•E-Axle
•Software dynamic control
PRODUCT DIVERSIFICATION AND STRATEGIC Electric powertrain, aiming to constantly expand
APPROACH our offer of driving emotions;
Vehicle dynamics, including the use of by-wire
A multidisciplinary approach has become essential systems and digital twin technologies;
in developing sports cars; therefore, we continue On-board experience, including through a phygi-
to enhance our open innovation. On the one hand, tal approach;
Ferrari has always produced – and will continue to New and innovative materials, strategic for sus-
produce – strategic components in-house, thereby tainability, weight management and specific ap-
ensuring complete control over quality and perfor- plications, including cooling of the engine and
mance. On the other hand, we will continue to in- components.
creasingly collaborate with selected partners and
universities to develop the best solutions available MANUFACTURING
on the market.
The choice to develop software internally to Our production facilities are located in Maranello
improve vehicle dynamics embodies the principle of and in Modena, Italy (see “—Properties”). Our produc-
differentiating the driving experience, as does the tion processes include supply chain management
introduction of a new-generation Human Interface and production of cars in our Range models and
that adopts a phygital approach, combining digital Special Series, as well as assembly of prototypes
and analogue elements, with a continuous focus on and avanseries.
the functionality and design of the cars’ interiors. Notwithstanding the low volumes of cars pro-
Product development is also driven by sustain- duced, our production process requires a great
ability, with research into new materials that can variety of inputs (over 60,000 product identifier
reduce the environmental impact and with a view to codes sourced from approximately 500 total sup-
use specialized recycled aluminum alloys in the body pliers) entailing complex supply chain manage-
in white and in the in-house castings. ment to ensure continuity of production. Our stock
We plan to focus on investments and research of supplies is warehoused in or near Maranello,
for the next generation of sports cars in the follow- and its management is outsourced to a third-party
ing areas: logistics company.
Production of our cars starts with the alumi-
Thermal propulsion, where we have achieved ex- num bodyworks at our plant in Modena (Carrozzeria
cellence in specific power output, drawing on ex- Scaglietti) and the remainder of the manufacturing
perience gained from racing and experimenting process takes place at our plant in Maranello, includ-
with new engine architectures; ing aluminum alloy casting in our foundry, engine
construction, mechanical machining, painting, car ENGINE PRODUCTION
assembly and bench testing. All parts and compo-
nents not produced in house at Ferrari are sourced Our engines are produced according to a verti-
from our panel of suppliers (see “—Procurement”). cal structure, from the casting of aluminum in our
In recent years we have made significant invest- foundry up to the final assembly and testing of the en-
ments in our manufacturing facilities. Equipment gine. Several of the main components of our engines,
may require substantial investment with the intro- such as blocks and cylinder heads are produced at
duction of new models or to maintain state-of-the- our foundry in Maranello. For this purpose, we use a
art technology, particularly in the case of shell tools special aluminum alloy that includes seven percent
for the foundry, tools for machining, feature tools silicon and a trace of iron, which improves mechani-
for body welding and special mounting equipment cal integrity, as well as our own shell and sand casting
for the assembly. Since 2021 we have been acquir- molds. Once all components are ready, engines are
ing additional resources and production equipment assembled on different lines for our V12 engines, our
to successfully manage the new technological ad- V8 and V6 engines. The assembly process is a com-
vancements and related challenges resulting from bination of automatic and manual operations. At the
the transition to electrification. Our electric technol- start of the assembly process, each engine is iden-
ogies and components are produced in our e-Build- tified with a barcode and operations are recorded
ing, a strategic asset that was inaugurated in June electronically. Every engine goes to the test benches
2024. Thanks to our e-Building, we aim to enhance to ensure it delivers the expected performance: ap-
flexibility across our entire production line, position- proximately 90 to 95 percent of engines are cold test-
ing us to better address future demands and to man- ed and approximately 5 to 10 percent of engines are
age an even more complete and diversified product also hot tested and measured for power and torque.
mix. We expect to use the EV platform to address The electrification elements of the F80 (the e-Axle
different clients’ needs and to develop a flexible pro- and the high-voltage battery) were the first compo-
duction line for the manufacturing of ICE, hybrid and nents to be produced on the new lines dedicated to
full EV models. For additional information relating to e-powertrain components at the e-Building.
our e-Building, see “—Properties”. In 2024, we began
the construction of our new paint shop, which will BODY ASSEMBLY
allow us to satisfy further personalizations in-house.
In 2025, we obtained the LEED Platinum certifi- In parallel with the assembly of our engines, we pre-
cation, one of the highest levels of the international pare our body shells at our body shop in Modena
rating system assessing sustainability, energy effi- (Carrozzeria Scaglietti). At Carrozzeria Scaglietti we
ciency and environmental impact in building design. have two different production lines dedicated to the
This represents an exceptional certification within assembly of our aluminum bodies (V6-V8 and V12), as
the industrial manufacturing sector. well as a dedicated line for special series with carbon
As at December 31, 2025, our production pro- fiber body (F80). The main components of the body-
cesses employed 1,804 engineers, technicians and shells are not produced internally, but are sourced
other personnel (191 white collar employees and from manufacturers of chassis, bodies and carbon
1,613 blue collar, of which 404 were agency pro- fiber parts. Through a mix of high-precision robots
duction workers). Our flexible production structure as well as highly skilled craftsmanship, we carefully
and organization allow us to adjust and increase our assemble and check the geometric alignment of the
production capacity to accommodate our expected various parts with mechanical gauges as well as 3D
production requirements. This is primarily due to measuring machines. Then, we carry out aesthetic
the low volume of cars we produce per year and to controls on the surface of the aluminum panels, to
our highly skilled and flexible employee base that eliminate any imperfections by either filing or pan-
can be deployed across various production areas, el beating. Our highly qualified specialists manage
as well as to our new e-Building, which is based on specific phases of body-shell manufacturing, such
flexibility. In addition, we can adjust our make-or- as the completely manual execution of the “aesthetic
buy strategies to address fluctuations in the level of welding”, a unique joint weld between flank and roof
demand for our internal production resources. We of certain models (the Roma family), giving the im-
constantly work to increase the utilization rate and pression that the body is one single piece.
reduce the internal scrap rate and we closely mon-
itor an index of our production efficiency. We are PAINTING
also ambitious to continually improve the reliability
of our cars, reducing defects, and optimize finishing. When transferred to our paint shop, the bodies are
Unlike most low volume car producers, we mounted on a loading bay, immersed in the cataphore-
operate our own foundry and machining depart- sis tanks and subsequently transferred to a fixing gas
ment producing several of the main components of fired oven at 180°C. After the cataphoresis, the seal-
our engines, such as engine blocks, e-Axle, cylinder ing phase of the body is largely automated. Primers
heads and crankshafts. We believe this accelerates are then applied and fixed at 190°C until the complete-
product development and results in components ly gray body-shell is ready for painting. All body-shells
that meet our specifications more closely. are cleaned with automatic pressure blowers (to
65
66
avoid the electrostatic effect) and carefully brushed PROCUREMENT
with emu feathers (because of their natural electro-
static properties) to clean off any dirt particles or im- We source a variety of components, raw materials,
purities before painting. The painting process is au- supplies, utilities, logistics and other services from
tomated for larger surfaces, while it is done by hand numerous suppliers. We recognize the contribution
for some other localized areas. In 2019, we replaced of our suppliers to our success in pursuing excel-
the robot which performs the application of the base lence in terms of luxury and performance, therefore
coat. The whole car is painted at the same time to en- we carefully select suppliers that are able to meet
sure color harmony. The bodies are finally polished our high standards.
with lacquer to fix the paint and give the bodies their For the sourcing of certain key components with
final finish. In 2018, we substituted our clear coat with highly technological specifications, we have devel-
a new generation 2K (bi-component) transparent oped strongly synergic relationships with some
coat that allows us to decrease the temperature of of our suppliers, which we consider “key strategic
the oven from 140°C to 90°C; this is a very innovative innovation partners”. We currently rely on a number
process that allows us to simultaneously paint alumi- of selected key strategic innovation partners for the
num and carbon fiber parts. At the end of the process supply of transmissions, brakes and other parts. We
“aesthetic blacks” are realized by painting any gaps in have also developed strong relationships with other
the car matte black finish. In 2024, we began the con- industrial partners for bodyworks and chassis man-
struction of our new paint shop, which will allow us to ufacturing and for powertrain and transmissions,
satisfy further personalizations in-house. among other things. Pursuant to our make-or-buy
strategy, we generally retain production in-house
ASSEMBLY LINE AND FINAL CHECKS whenever we have an interest in preserving or
developing technological know-how or when we
The final assembly of our cars takes place in believe that outsourcing would impair the efficiency
Maranello. For each model, the initial assembly opera- and flexibility of our production process. Therefore,
tions generally take place simultaneously on different we continue to invest in the skills and processes
lines and sections to maximize efficiency so while the required for low-volume production of components
body is assembled on the main line, the powertrain, that we believe improve product quality.
as well as the cockpit and the doors, are prepared For the year ended December 31, 2025, the
on a separate sub-line. Furthermore, our e-Building, purchases from our ten largest suppliers by value
based on the concept of flexibility, is used to produce accounted for approximately 23 percent of total
and develop models with internal combustion, hy- procurement costs, and no supplier accounted for
brid and full electric powertrains, as well as strategic more than 4 percent of our total procurement costs.
electrical components. For additional information re-
lating to our e-Building, see “—Properties”. SALES AND AFTER-SALES
PERSONALIZATION AND ROAD TESTS Our commercial team is organized in four geo-
graphic areas, covering our principal regional end
During the assembly process of our cars, we man- markets: (i) EMEA, (ii) Americas, (iii) Mainland China,
age the fitting of all bespoke interiors, components Hong Kong and Taiwan, and (iv) Rest of APAC.
and special equipment options that our clients
choose as part of our personalization program (see DEALER NETWORK
“—Sports Car Line-Up—Personalization Offer”). After
the assembly phase, every car completes a 60-kilo- We sell our cars exclusively through a network of
meter road test-drive. authorized dealers (with the exception of one-offs
In 2025, we completed the construction of the and track cars which we sell directly to end clients).
Ferrari e-Vortex, the new test circuit adjacent to the In our larger markets we act as importer either
Fiorano track, in less than four months. The Ferrari through wholly owned subsidiaries or, in China and
e-Vortex will enable testing activities to be gradually South Korea, through a subsidiary partly owned by a
transferred from the road to the track, ensuring an local partner, and we sell the cars to dealers for re-
even more objective assessment of performance sale to end clients. In smaller markets we generally
and faster identification of any anomalies. For addi- sell the cars to a single importer/dealer. We regular-
tional information relating to our Ferrari e-vortex ly assess the composition of our dealer network to
see “—Properties”. maintain the highest level of quality. At December 31,
2025, our network comprised 181 dealers operating
FINISHING AND CLEANING 195 points of sale.
We do not presently own dealerships and, while
After the road test, all cars go to the finishing depart- our strategy does not structurally contemplate own-
ment. There, we thoroughly clean interior and exte- ing dealerships, we retain flexibility to adapt to evolv-
rior, perform a comprehensive review of the whole ing market requirements over time.
car, and polish and finish the bodies to give them We believe that our careful and strict selection
their final appearance. of the dealers that sell our cars is a key factor for
promoting the integrity and success of our brand. heritage while embracing innovation and lifestyle
Our selection criteria are based on the candidates’ integration:
reputation, financial stability and proven track
records. We are also intent on selecting dealers who The Cavalcade program continued to be a cor-
are able to provide a purchase and after-sales expe- nerstone of Ferrari’s client experience strat-
rience aimed at exceeding our clients’ high expec- egy. For additional information relating to the
tations. Furthermore, our dealers are committed Cavalcade program, see “—Client Relations”.
to promoting and marketing our cars in a manner Brand engagement was elevated through Casa
intended to preserve the Ferrari brand integrity Ferrari, which expanded its presence at pres-
and to ensure the highest level of client satisfaction. tigious venues including THE ICE in St. Moritz
While dealers may hold multiple franchises, in February, the Goodwood Festival of Speed
we enjoy a high degree of prominence and level in July, and key Formula 1 Grand Prix events in
of representation at each point of sale, where the Melbourne and Abu Dhabi. Additional events
great majority of the client interface and retail in Pebble Beach in August and Monaco in
experience is exclusive to Ferrari. Our network and September integrated Ferrari’s luxury universe
business development team works with all deal- with global cultural touchpoints, strengthening
ers to ensure our operating standards are met. the brand’s aspirational appeal.
Our rigorous design, layout and corporate identity Product innovation remained central to Ferrari’s
guidelines guarantee uniformity of the Ferrari image narrative. The digital launch of the 296 Speciale
and client interface. and 296 Speciale A on April 29 showcased
Our dealer network has consistently and proac- Ferrari’s ability to blend cutting-edge technology
tively invested in its facilities in recent years in order with exclusivity. This momentum continued with
to provide clients with superior experience while two spectacular world premieres: the unveiling
delivering a unique luxury environment and digital of the Ferrari Amalfi on the Amalfi Coast (July 1–3)
touchpoints to complement the physical space. and the presentation of the 849 Testarossa in
Ferrari’s vision on the new corporate identity, Milan (September 9–11). These launches not only
presented to the dealer network in 2023, reiterates introduced new benchmarks in performance
our commitment in continuing to invest in a strategy and design but also reinforced Ferrari’s leader-
aimed at delivering a superior client experience and ship in the luxury automotive segment.
fostering the relationship between Ferrari and its
client community to an even higher level. The roll-out Together, these initiatives exemplify Ferrari’s ho-
started in 2024 with selected pilot projects around listic approach to client engagement—combining
the world and the first opening took place in May racing heritage, lifestyle experiences, and product
2025 with the inauguration of the renewed show- excellence. By curating unique journeys, hosting im-
room in Rome, to be followed in 2026 by several new mersive brand showcases, and delivering ground-
openings across various markets reflecting differ- breaking models, Ferrari strengthened its global
ent and unique implementations of Ferrari’s new positioning as a symbol of exclusivity and innovation,
corporate identity. while fostering enduring loyalty among its most dis-
Ferrari also uses an omni-touchpoint strategy, cerning clientele.
an integrated interaction framework encompass- Competence building and training are also key
ing physical, digital and experiential touchpoints, to the implementation of our strategy. Through our
which ensures engagement with dealers and cli- in-house Ferrari Academy, we provide training to
ents across all stages of the client journey. The client dealers for sales, after-sales and technical activi-
engagement typically takes place at the dealerships, ties. This ensures that our dealer network delivers a
whose ability to promote the client-community life consistent level of market leading standards across
has been reinforced via a new corporate identity diverse cultural environments. . In recent years we
implemented in recent years, but also through digital have adapted our training strategy by introducing
touchpoints such as the MyFerrari App, and through and enhancing virtual-training solutions, while con-
a plan of exclusive experiences organized at our tinuing to foster a high level of expertise in the net-
headquarters in Maranello, as well as at a regional work. We also introduced new courses in areas such
or dealer level. Client engagement activities typically as digital commercial execution and luxury experi-
feature various car driving opportunities, both on ence management, as well as design applied to the
track and on the road. We have also developed and personalization experience for clients, with the aim
implemented several engagement activities aimed of delivering the best possible client experience.
at gathering the client community and promoting Moreover, we have successfully rolled out globally
the discovery of our brand, including through expe- our new “In Dealership Coaching” program, piloted
rience touchpoints. in late 2024, aimed at further strengthening our retail
In 2025, Ferrari reaffirmed its commitment capabilities and excellence in client management.
to delivering extraordinary experiences that We collect and analyze data relating to dealer
strengthen brand positioning and deepen client profitability and financial health to prevent or mit-
loyalty. The year was marked by a series of exclu- igate any adverse experience for clients arising
sive events and launches that celebrated Ferrari’s from a dealer ceasing to do business or experienc-
67
68
ing financial difficulties. Our regional executives We provide a suggested retail price or a maximum
visit dealerships regularly to monitor and measure retail price for all our cars, but each dealer is free
performance and compliance with our operating to negotiate different prices with clients and to pro-
standards. We have the right to terminate dealer vide financing. Although many of our clients in cer-
relationships in a variety of circumstances, including tain markets purchase our cars from dealers with-
failure to meet performance or financial standards, out financing, we offer direct or indirect finance and
or failure to comply with our guidelines. Dealer turn- leasing services to retail clients and to dealers. (See
over is relatively low, reflecting the strength of the “—Financial Services”).
franchise and our selection processes, but is suffi-
cient to guarantee an orderly renewal over time and
to stimulate the network’s health and performance.
The total number of our dealers as well as their geographical distribution
tends to closely reflect the development or expected development of
sales volumes to end clients in our various markets over time. The chart
below sets forth the geographic distribution of our 195 points of sale at
December 31, 2025:
FERRARI FOOTPRINT
HQ HUBS REGIONS
Ferrari - Maranello Americas U.S.A.
56POS 45POS
Canada
5POS
Latin America
6POS
EMEA North Europe
90POS 14POS
Central Europe
15POS
West Europe
22POS
East Europe
14POS
South Europe
16POS
Middle East
9POS
Mainland China,
Hong Kong and Taiwan
Mainland China
22POS 18POS
Taiwan
3POS
Hong Kong
1POS
Rest of APAC
North East Asia
27 POS 12POS
South East Asia
7 POS
Australasia
6POS
Central East Asia
2POS
70
Our sales are diversified across our dealer net- Extension starting from the 4th year up to the 8th year
work, with the largest dealer representing approx- and the Power Warranty Coverage, covering from
imately 3.0% of our shipments, and our 15 largest the 9th year up to the 16th year of life of the car. For
dealers representing approximately 25% of our certain strictly limited series cars (for example, the
shipments in 2025. Monza SP1 and SP2, and the Daytona SP3) we intro-
As part of our supply and demand management, duced a Full Warranty Coverage Extension that can
we determine allocations by geography and deal- be applied after the 36-month commercial contrac-
ers based on various metrics including expected tual warranty. For hybrid models, such as the SF90
developments in the relevant market, the number of family and the 296 family, we introduced a new ser-
cars sold historically by the various dealers, current vice called Warranty Extension Hybrid, which allows
order book of dealers and the average waiting time the owner to buy a complete coverage after the 4th
of the end client in the relevant market. Our order year up to the 8th, including replacement of the high
reporting system allows us to collect and monitor voltage battery after the 8th year of life of the car.
information regarding end client orders and is able After the 8th year of life, a car (if in perfect mainte-
to assist us in production planning, allocation and nance condition) can be included in the Main Power
dealer management. warranty coverage program (Maintenance and
Power) through to the car’s 16th year of life. Between
PARTS the 16th year of life and the Classiche eligibility (20
year old car) Ferrari provides its customers, in addi-
We supply parts for current and older models of tion to standard maintenance items, also certain
Ferrari to our authorized dealer network. In addition specific maintenance kits (Ferrari Premium) to pre-
to substitution of spare parts during the life of the serve car performance and safety systems. When a
car, sales are driven by clients’ demand for parts to car follows the full maintenance program up to the
customize their cars and maximize performance, 20th year of life, it automatically obtains the Ferrari
particularly after a change in ownership, as well as Classiche certification.
parts required to compete in the Ferrari Challenge We also have a direct involvement in pre-owned
and other client races. We also supply parts to car sales, offering specific packages of warranty
Ferrari models currently out of production, with coverage in order to support a healthy secondary
stocks dating back to 1995. The stock of parts for market, promote the value of our brand and benefit
even older models is currently owned and managed our clients and facilitate sales of new cars. Our deal-
by third parties which in some cases also manufac- ers provide an inspection service for clients seeking
tures out-of-stock parts based on our designs. The to sell their car, which involves more than 200 checks
sale of parts is a profitable component of our prod- on the car and a certification on which the client can
uct mix and is expected to benefit from the increase rely, covering, among other things, the authenticity
in the number of Ferrari cars in circulation. of the car, the conformity to original technical spec-
ifications, and the state of repair. Furthermore, we
AFTER-SALES offer owners of classic Ferrari cars maintenance
and restoration services through the 73 Officina
Dealers provide after-sales services to clients, ei- Ferrari Classiche workshops that form part of our
ther at facilities adjacent to showrooms or in stand- service network.
alone service points across 249 facilities worldwide In addition, owners of our classic cars can seek
at December 31, 2025. After-sales activities are assistance in car and engine restorations at our
very important for our business to ensure the cli- Ferrari Classiche department in Maranello.
ent’s continued enjoyment of the car and the expe-
rience. Therefore, we enforce strict quality control FINANCIAL SERVICES
on our dealers’ services activities and we provide
continued training and support to the dealers’ ser- We offer retail client financing for the purchase of
vice personnel. This includes our team of “Service our cars through the operations of Ferrari Financial
Engineers”, Ferrari engineers who regularly travel to Services (“FFS”):
service centers to address difficult technical issues
for our clients. directly in the United States through our wholly
We sell cars together with a scheduled program owned subsidiary Ferrari Financial Services Inc.
of recommended maintenance services in order to (“FFS Inc”). At December 31, 2025, the financial
ensure that these cars are maintained to the highest services portfolio of FFS Inc, which was origi-
standards to meet our strict requirements for per- nated entirely in the United States, amounted to
formance and safety. €1,613 million and was recorded as receivables
Our 7 Year Maintenance Program (free of from financing activities in the consolidated
charge for customers since 2011 on any new cars) statement of financial position;
is offered to further strengthen customer retention through Ferrari Financial Services GmbH (in
in the official network and has been coupled with the partnership with CA Auto Bank) in certain mar-
possibility to extend the statutory warranty term of kets in EMEA (primarily the UK, Germany and
our standard warranty terms through the Warranty Switzerland), and
through various partnerships, which may and foster their connection to the Ferrari world
also provide financing to our dealers, in other through the direct distribution of tailored content.
European countries and other major internation- This channel enables clients to directly access fea-
al markets, such as Japan and Mainland China. tures and services, strengthening their relationship
with the brand and their preferred official Ferrari
Through FFS, we offer a range of flexible, bespoke fi- dealer. Moreover, Ferrari dedicates specific atten-
nancial and ancillary services to clients (both current tion to Ferrari clients who have ordered a new car
and new) interested in purchasing a wide range of by enriching their waiting time with dedicated digital
cars, from our current product range to older pre- content to reinforce their engagement and connec-
owned and classic models. FFS also provides special tion with the Ferrari world.
financing arrangements to a selected group of our
most valuable and loyal customers. CLIENT ENGAGEMENT
CLIENT RELATIONS In 2025, Ferrari advanced a client engagement strat-
egy that blends on track mastery, on road discovery,
Our clients are the backbone of our business togeth- and elevated hospitality, converting brand passion
er with our brand and our technology. We do not pro- into qualified demand and long-term loyalty. This
mote our brand or our cars through general adver- strategy blends heritage and innovation through cu-
tising. Our main brand marketing and promotional rated experiences that are exclusive by design yet
activities have two principal targets. scalable in narrative and impact. Client engagement
Firstly, we target the general public. Our most events held in 2025 included:
significant effort in this respect is centered on our
racing activities and the resonance of Scuderia International Concours of Elegance, St. Moritz,
Ferrari (see “—Racing—Formula 1”). We also reach Switzerland. Casa Ferrari welcomed clients in-
the general public through the activities of our side the Kulm Country Club, a refined setting a
lifestyle department, through the sale of luxury few steps from the frozen lake where owners pi-
goods at our stores and online, the brand’s expe- loted classic Ferraris. The event combined mod-
rience parks and museums, and collectibles. We ern product discovery with test drives of the
also engage in other brand-promotional activities Purosangue and 296 GTB, and was synchronized
through digital platforms such as eSports, and our with Corso Pilota Classiche on Ice—our most ex-
official social media channels. clusive heritage driving course. The result was
Secondly, we target existing and prospective cli- an immersive, education led encounter that rein-
ents on both new car and preowned car sales, seek- forced Ferrari’s craftsmanship and driving cul-
ing to promote clients’ knowledge of our products, ture while creating high-affinity prospects.
and their enjoyment of our cars both on road and on Cavalcade, Seville, Spain. The Cavalcade journey
track, and to foster long-term relationships with our began in Sevilla, where Ferrari clients enjoyed
clients, which is key to our success. In 2025, approxi- the unique opportunity to explore the enchant-
mately 84% of our new cars were sold to clients who ing landscapes and rich culture of Andalusia.
already owned at least one Ferrari, reflecting, among The event ended with a gala dinner at the histor-
other factors, our product offering during the year. In ic Real Alcázar, which featured a charity auction
recent years, we have pursued a carefully designed supporting Ferrari’s continued commitment to
enlargement and rejuvenation of our client base, education.
while always respecting the principle of exclusivity. Le Mans, France. At Le Mans, Casa Ferrari
From December 2022 to December 2025 we showcased endurance credibility and the track-
continued to grow our active client base by 20% to-road narrative. The 296 Speciale ‘Piloti’ liv-
with 32,300 new-to-the-brand customers, and ery spoke directly to Corse Clienti and endur-
nurtured our best collectors who have increased ance owners, while the presence of F80, 499P
the average number of Ferrari cars they own by Modificata, and 296 Speciale underlined techno-
approximately 20%. logical transfer and design coherence across
By purchasing our cars, clients become part of racing and road. This setting amplified desire
a select community sharing a primary association among top clients and fans, strengthening pric-
with the Ferrari image and we foster this sense of ing power and reinforcing the brand’s leader-
fellowship with a number of initiatives. We strive ship in performance and innovation.
to maximize the experience of our clients through- World Premiere, Amalfi, Italy. July’s Amalfi
out their period of interaction with Ferrari – from world premiere delivered a two-day, money-can-
first contact, through purchasing decision process, not-buy luxury and lifestyle immersion on the
to waiting-time management and car delivery and Amalfi Coast, culminating in the first public dis-
enjoyment. play for the local community. The format gener-
Recognizing the importance of digital touch- ated attention and dealer momentum ahead of
points to enhance the overall client experience, wider regional premieres, seeding high quality
Ferrari continues to develop the MyFerrari App, pipelines while maintaining the exclusivity ex-
available exclusively to Ferrari clients to enhance pected of Ferrari launches.
71
72
849 Testarossa World Premiere, Milan, Italy. ing an opportunity for both prospective and exist-
In September, Milan hosted the 849 Testarossa ing clients to experience the latest models. The
world premiere across three nights, welcoming Esperienza Ferrari program at Fiorano allowed
clients from 49 countries. clients to engage with the Ferrari brand firsthand,
Cavalcade Classiche, South Tyrol, Italy. The testing models such as the Ferrari Roma Spider
Ferrari Cavalcade Classiche returned at the end on the road and the 296 GTB on the track, and
of September, leading participants through the Corso Pilota: a program that consists of driving
majestic peaks and breathtaking landscapes of courses designed to accommodate various skill
the Dolomites. This “traveling museum” show- levels, offering essential techniques for master-
cased an extraordinary collection of classic ing high-performance vehicles. For instance, the
Ferrari models, creating an unforgettable expe- Corso Pilota Classiche usually offers a unique
rience amid one of Europe’s most stunning nat- opportunity to drive Ferrari’s iconic models on
ural settings. Fiorano, our company’s historic race circuit, and
Cavalcade Adventure, Patagonia, Argentina. on the frozen lake of St Moritz.
November marked a new frontier with the
Cavalcade Adventure in Patagonia, a new for- In addition to the Miami Cavalcade International ex-
mat distinguished by its spirit of exploration. perience in May, the Cavalcade journey continued in
Bringing 54 cars into one of the world’s most late June and early July with the Ferrari Cavalcade
remote natural environments, the program event in Venice, where participants drove scenic
showcased the Purosangue’s capabilities and roads through historic hilltop towns with breathtak-
broadened Ferrari’s experiential canvas beyond ing views of the Dolomites. The event culminated in
traditional road tours, strengthening lifestyle an exclusive gala dinner on July 4th, which included
narratives and expanding audience appeal with- a charity auction aimed at supporting Ferrari’s com-
out diluting scarcity. mitment to education.
Moreover, the Cavalcade Classiche Family
In addition to the above, Ferrari continued to take Reunion, held in mid-September, provided a “travel-
part in prestigious driving events such as the Ferrari ing museum” experience, showcasing over 60 clas-
Tribute to Mille Miglia and the Ferrari Tribute to Targa sic Ferrari models. This event allowed participants
Florio, where modern Ferrari models lead the way to explore the stunning landscapes of Friuli Venezia
ahead of the main races. Ferrari also hosted the third Giulia and Slovenia.
edition of the Legacy Tour, celebrating the 30th an- In addition to the above, Ferrari takes part in pres-
niversary of the Ferrari F50. Over three days, more tigious driving events such as the Ferrari Tribute to
than 20 F50s from around the globe journeyed along Mille Miglia and the Ferrari Tribute to Targa Florio,
Italy’s most scenic roads, concluding in Fiorano—the where modern Ferrari cars race before the com-
birthplace of this iconic model. mencement of the main events. In 2024, Ferrari also
Across heritage, motorsport, premieres, and honored the 24 Hours of Le Mans with a five-day
adventure, Ferrari’s 2025 engagement architecture tour showcasing some of Maranello’s most iconic
consistently created qualified demand, deepened cars, traveling from Cognac to the La Sarthe circuit.
client loyalty, and generated data rich opportunities The Ferrari Tribute to Le Mans ended with a parade
for sustained growth. The combination of curated around the track on the Saturday morning before
exclusivity, measurable impact, and brand storytell- the race.
ing reinforces Ferrari’s structural advantages—sup-
porting our solid order book, premium pricing, and Ferrari Tours: we also offer owners a unique
long-term shareholder value. opportunity to embark on exclusive journeys
across Italy, allowing them to experience the
CLIENT EXPERIENCE ON ROAD thrill of driving their cars through some of the
world’s most stunning and meticulously chosen
Ferrari’s driving events have two main goals: pro- landscapes. These carefully crafted routes are
viding clients with the excitement of driving Ferrari’s designed to provide not only exhilarating driv-
high-performance cars and strengthening brand ing experiences but also the chance to discover
loyalty to encourage continued engagement. These cultural landmarks, scenic vistas, and luxurious
events are designed for a passionate and varied destinations, making for an unforgettable ad-
Ferrari community, offering tailored experiences for venture. In 2024, three Ferrari Tours were spe-
modern car enthusiasts, classic car collectors, and cifically dedicated to our clients from the Far and
track racing loyalists. Middle East.
Encouraging clients’ passion for driving is a key
aspect of Ferrari’s commercial strategy, especially Ferrari also organized the Legacy Tour, of which we
in markets where racing traditions are less estab- held the second edition in 2024, celebrating the 40th
lished. Among our programs and events are: anniversary of the Ferrari 288 GTO. Over three days,
more than 20 Ferrari GTOs from around the world
Esperienza Ferrari, which offers exclusive driving travelled across Italy’s most scenic roads, ending in
sessions with Ferrari’s expert instructors, provid- Fiorano, the birthplace of this iconic model.
CLIENT EXPERIENCE ON TRACK The Australasia series was launched in 2025 for the
first time, and featured the Ferrari 296 Challenge on
In 2025, the Corse Clienti season was intense and rich circuits in Australia.
in innovation, with high participation and a continua- The Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli event that
tion of the growth seen in recent years. concluded the Corse Clienti competitive season
With the Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli, we took place at the Mugello Circuit, during the Finali
brought the Ferrari 296 Challenge to the regional Mondiali, drawing 25,000 fans, guests, and profes-
UK, Japan and Australasia series, in addition to the sionals despite challenging weather conditions.
international Europe and North America series, More than 100 drivers lined up for the races, con-
where the car made its debut in the 2024 season. testing the final rounds of the European and North
Ferrari’s one-make series championship enjoyed American series and the world championship title.
another excellent season in 2025. The car was met During the Ferrari show held on October 26, 2025,
with great enthusiasm at events in Europe and the spectators watched a wide range of cars from
United States, with average entry lists of 70 drivers the non-competitive programs - F1 Clienti, Sport
in Europe and 61 in the U.S. Participation in the UK Prototipi Clienti and the XX Programme - along with
series remained in line with previous years, whereas the three 499Ps that won the 24 Hours of Le Mans in
the Japan series recorded a marked rise in entrants. 2023, 2024 and 2025.
Several cars from our non-competitive programs Throughout the course of the year, the Corso Pilota
took part to the 2025 Finali Mondiali, with more than continued to offer clients a range of track-driv-
90 cars from the F1 Clienti, XX Programme, Sport ing courses tailored to different skill levels and ex-
Prototipi Clienti and Club Competizioni GT, including periences, including Sport, Evoluzione+, Race, On
23 examples of the 499P Modificata and 40 from Ice, and On Ice Performance, the latter two held in
the XX Programme. These programs also include Lapland. It also provided service-based activities,
exclusive events on some of the world’s most icon- such as Personal Coaching, teaching the essential
ic circuits, offering clients exclusive experiences skills for high-performance driving through the
on and off the track. most advanced and effective training methodolo-
This year’s Finali Mondiali also marked the 20th gies and technologies.
anniversary of the XX Programme, with a display area
that showcased all the models that have shaped this FERRARI CLASSICHE
exclusive, non-competitive program since 2005, along
with track activities involving nearly 50 cars from the The Ferrari Classiche department supports Ferrari
program. The Mugello Circuit also hosted the 296 GT3 clients in managing their historic Ferrari vehicles
Evo, making its first on-track appearance during the (over 20 years from their production) with the ob-
Ferrari Show ahead of its racing debut in 2026. jective of keeping as many of these classic cars on
73
74
the road as possible. Services include the certifica- RACING
tion of the authenticity of classic Ferrari cars and
vehicles of particular historical relevance, the man- Participation in the FIA Formula 1 World Championship
agement of Ferrari restoration and repair activities, with Scuderia Ferrari and in the World Endurance
as well as the management of Ferrari spare parts, Championship with the Ferrari Endurance Team is a
including when these are no longer available on the core element of our marketing effort and promotion-
market. The department also provides advice on al activities, as well as an important source of inno-
repair operations carried out on Ferrari Classiche vation for the support of the technological advance-
cars within its network. ment of Ferrari’s product portfolio. We also compete
Ferrari Classiche aims to create a platform of in the F1 Esports Championship with the Scuderia
information and technical expertise to preserve Ferrari Esports Team and we own the Mugello racing
and enhance over time the awareness and value of circuit in Scarperia, near Florence, which we rent to
Ferrari’s heritage and brand. We view the historic racing events organizers. Each of these items is fur-
Ferrari vehicles of historical value as the tangible ther discussed below.
legacy and incarnation of our brand. The Ferrari
Classiche department also supports and encour- FORMULA 1
ages the direct participation of clients in strategic
historical events. The FIA Formula 1 World Championship is the pin-
The Ferrari Classiche department in Maranello nacle of motorsports and one of the most watched
consists of an office of specialists and a work- annual sports series in the world, with a global fan-
shop in which historic cars are checked, restored base of approximately 827 million, making it one of
and repaired. In addition, in order to provide an the most popular annual sporting properties global-
enhanced service to owners away from the main ly, an average of ~70 million viewers per race week-
workshop in Maranello, starting from 2017 Ferrari end across key markets, and a booming digital foot-
Classiche authorized a new service network with print with over 114 million social media followers,
73 Officina Ferrari Classiche workshops active to while total digital engagements surpassed 2.3 billion
date, primarily for vehicle repairs and the certifi- interactions in 2025 (Source: Formula 1 2025 season
cations’ inspections or revalidation. The network is end-of-year reporting, Liberty Formula One Group).
expected to further expand in the future consider- Formula 1 cars rely on advanced technology,
ing the increasing number of cars becoming eligi- powerful hybrid engines and cutting edge aero-
ble to be certified. dynamics. While Europe is the sport’s traditional
The authenticity of the car with respect to the ini- base, longstanding non-European venues such
tial specifications is checked via a technical inspec- as Australia, Brazil, Canada, Japan, Mexico and
tion, performed either at the Ferrari Classiche facility the United States have been joined in the last two
in Maranello or at an authorized workshop, and bene- decades by racing venues in China, Bahrain, United
fits from a comprehensive archive containing draw- Arab Emirates, Singapore, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and
ings of each of the individual chassis and details of Azerbaijan. This provides participants in the Formula
historical components. Based on the evidence gath- 1 World Championship exceptional visibility on the
ered during this inspection, the car is then presented world stage.
to an expert committee, chaired by the founder’s Scuderia Ferrari has been racing in the Formula
son, Piero Ferrari, for the certification. 1 World Championship since the series was launched
At the Maranello workshop, Ferrari Classiche in 1950, and won its first Grand Prix in 1951. We
carries out full restorations or maintenance ser- are the only team that has competed in each sea-
vices using either original components and spare son since launch and the oldest and most success-
parts or replicas manufactured in accordance with ful in the history of Formula 1, with 248 Grand Prix
the original specifications. Our service offers our cli- wins. Throughout our racing history, we have won
ents the opportunity to restore or maintain any clas- 15 Drivers’ Championships and 16 Constructors’
sic Ferrari to its original pristine conditions. Championships, more than any other team. Many of the
The Ferrari Classiche department also pro- best known drivers in the sport’s history have raced
vides basic technical and instructional support in Scuderia Ferrari’s distinctive red cars including
to the Ferrari Classiche Academy, a new driving Alberto Ascari, Juan-Manuel Fangio, Mike Hawthorn,
school project that launched in 2019 for vintage Phil Hill, John Surtees, Niki Lauda, Jody Scheckter,
Ferrari cars, including the Ferrari 308, Ferrari Gilles Villeneuve, Michael Schumacher, Sebastian
328, 550 Maranello, MondialT, 250 GT Lusso, 365 Vettel, Kimi Raikkonen and Lewis Hamilton. Our driv-
GTB4. In addition, during the St. Moritz International ers’ line-up in 2025 comprised Charles Leclerc, the
Concourse of Elegance, we unveiled a new on-ice first graduate of the Ferrari Driver Academy training
driving course. scheme to race for our Formula 1 racing team, and
The Ferrari Classiche department also offers Lewis Hamilton, the most successful active driver in
assistance services to clients attending driving history with 7 Driver World Championships.
events (such as 1000 Miglia. Le Mans Classic or In 2021, the new FIA financial regulations entered
other rally and tour) or static events (such as con- into force and are now applicable as updated in 2025,
cours of elegance). imposing a cap on certain expenses and invest-
ments related to operations and the chassis of the development efforts, we begin designing our cars
cars which may be incurred by any single Formula each year in the spring, in anticipation of the start
1 team. Moreover, development activities were also of the racing season the following March. While the
limited by the new regulation. In December 2021, chassis and the power unit we build each year are
the World Motor Sport Council validated the frame- designed to be used throughout the racing season,
work for the 2026 Power Unit (PU) Regulations, the majority of other components fitted on our cars
which include technical, operational and financial are adjusted from race to race depending on the
guidelines. The framework identifies key objectives characteristics of the circuits.
related to, among other things, the environmental To maximize the performance, efficiency and
impact, cost reduction measures and competitive- safety of our Formula 1 cars, while complying with
ness of the FIA Formula 1 World Championship. A the strict technical rules and restrictions set out by
detailed document setting out the 2026 Power Unit the FIA, our research and development team plays
Regulations was submitted to the World Motor Sport a key role in the development of our road cars and
Council during the course of 2022. They will apply to their engines. We often transfer technologies initially
power units starting from the 2026 season of the developed for racing to our road cars. Examples
FIA Formula 1 World Championship and, consistent include steering wheel paddles for gear-shifting, the
with the framework proposed to the Council, are use and development of composite materials, which
mainly focused on the sustainability and innovation make cars lighter and faster, aerodynamic concepts
challenges of Formula 1. The 2026 Formula 1 Power and technology related to hybrid propulsion.
Unit Regulations were approved in August 2022 and Our road cars have benefited from the know-
apply starting in 2023 for motors to be used in the how acquired in the wind tunnel by our racing car
2026 season. The FIA set the operational cost cap development teams, enjoying greater stability as
for the 2026 season to approximately €199 million they reach high speeds on and off the track. Our
in relation to the development and manufacturing research and development team focus on com-
of the racing car chassis and $130 million relating bining minimal lap times with maximum efficiency,
to the power units. leading to advances in kinetic energy recovery sys-
The Formula 1 2025 World Championship tems, or ERS, technology. Current advanced ERS
included 24 races. features two electric motor/generator units in every
In terms of results, the season ended with forth car, which allow the car to recover, store and deploy
place for the Scuderia Ferrari in the Constructors’ energy generated both by the vehicle during braking
Championship, with 398 points, seven podiums, one and by the exhaust gases through a turbocharger.
pole position, and with five and six place finishes in The increasing audience and appeal of F1 com-
the Drivers’ Championship, for Charles Leclerc and bined with a renewed strategy based on fan engage-
Lewis Hamilton, respectively. ment and integration of partners in the Ferrari eco-
Scuderia Ferrari’s continuing participation in system continues to grow the interest in partnering
the FIA Formula 1 World Championship over the with Scuderia Ferrari, which translates into signifi-
five year period from 2021 to 2025 is governed by cant sponsorships deals.
two agreements – widely known as New Concorde The partnership program includes a number of
Agreement - signed on August 18, 2020. The first associated marketing initiatives, such as the hosting
of such agreements governs the regulatory and of clients and other key partners in Ferrari Formula
governance aspects of the sport, while the second 1 Club Hospitality to watch and experience the Grand
governs commercial aspects. The New Concorde Prix races with Scuderia Ferrari, and our Formula 1
Agreement recognizes the historical role of Ferrari, drivers’ participation in various promotional activ-
the only team that has participated in all Formula 1 ities including the access to Maranello for specific
World Championship editions since its inception. In marketing and client activities. We also often sell
exchange for their participation in Formula 1 races, older Formula 1 cars to clients for use in amateur
the participating teams receive a share of a prize racing or collection.
fund based on the profits earned from Formula More generally, Formula 1 racing allows us to
1-related commercial activities managed by Formula promote and market our brand and technology to
1, including in particular, promoters’ fees, television a global audience without resorting to traditional
broadcasting royalties, partnership agreements advertising activities, therefore preserving the aura
and other sources. Shares in the prize fund are paid of exclusivity around our brand and limiting the mar-
to the teams, largely based on the relative ranking keting costs that we, as a company operating in the
of each team in the championship. During 2025, the luxury industry, would otherwise incur.
Commercial Right Holder and the Formula 1 teams,
including the new entrant Cadillac F1 which has WORLD ENDURANCE CHAMPIONSHIP
increased the total number of teams to 11, signed a
new agreement for the period 2026 to 2030. In 2025, Ferrari competed in the top class of the
Improvements in technology and, from time to FIA World Endurance Championship for the third
time, changes in regulations typically require the year in a row, achieving extraordinary results with
design and production of a new racing car every year. the two 499P cars of the official Ferrari – AF Corse
Therefore, in addition to our long-term research and team in the Hypercar class. We triumphed in both
75
76
the World Manufactures’ Championship - a world SCUDERIA FERRARI HP ESPORTS TEAM
endurance title that Ferrari had not won for 53
years - and the World Driver’s Championship, with The Esports team is increasingly becoming an in-
Alessandro Pier Guidi, James Calado and Antonio tegral part of Ferrari’s racing ecosystem. After se-
Giovinazzi. We also reported a third consecutive curing the Constructors’ Title in 2024, we finished
victory at the 24 Hours of Le Mans, claimed this year the 2025 F1 Sim Racing season in second place and
by the number 83 499P entered by the privateer AF achieved significant results on iRacing as well as in
Corse team, piloted by Ferrari official driver Yifei the Premier Sim Gamin League and the Evolution
Ye, along with Robert Kubica and Phil Hanson. All Online Racing championships.
three Ferrari crews finished in the top three spots For the second consecutive year, the final of the
in the World Drivers’ standings, with the 51, 83, and Ferrari HP Esports Series took place at Ferrari World
50 crews, respectively. Such a result by a single Yas Island in Abu Dhabi, featuring fourteen drivers
manufacturer had never been achieved since the from around the globe and establishing the event as
FIA WEC was established in 2012). The number 83 one of the most important milestones of the interna-
crew ended the season by winning the FIA World tional Esports scene.
Cup for Hypercar Teams, open to independent en-
trants. Moreover, also during the 2025 season, the MUGELLO CIRCUIT
official Ferrari – AF Corse team claimed three ad-
ditional victories (at Lusail, Qatar; at Imola, Italy, and Located in Scarperia, just outside Firenze, the
Spa, Belgium) and three pole positions with the Mugello Circuit has been one of the leading mo-
number 50 crew (Antonio Fuoco–Miguel Molina– torsport venues globally for more than 100 years.
Nicklas Nielsen) and the number 51 crew (Pier Internationally renowned as the host venue for the
Guidi–Calado–Giovinazzi). Italian MotoGP Grand Prix since 1976 (and consec-
The 296 LMGT3 competed in the LMGT3 class utively since 1994), the Formula 1 Grand Prix of
for the second consecutive season, delivering Tuscany Ferrari 1000 in 2020, and numerous in-
excellent performances. The two cars entered by ternational motorsports competitions, the 5,245
Vista AF Corse secured a win at the 6 Hours of Spa- metres circuit mimicking the natural slopes of the
Francorchamps with the number 21 crew of Alessio Tuscan hills is also famed for its ultimate driving ex-
Rovera, François Heriau, and Simon Mann, along perience and modern facilities.
with four additional podium finishes overall. These Originally a 66 km road circuit, the first motor-
included results from the number 54 Ferrari driven sport events held at Mugello starting from 1914
by Davide Rigon, Thomas Flohr, and Francesco were regularity races. Enzo Ferrari won in 1921 on
Castellacci. The season finished with second place in an Alfa Romeo class 4.500. The current facilities
the Drivers’ standings for the number 21 crew and were designed in the early 70s and later re-mod-
seventh for the number 54 crew. elled in 1988 when Ferrari bought the circuit. Year
after year the track has seen consistent improve-
OTHER GT RACES ments in terms of safety with FIA Grade 1 and FIM
Grade A certifications, the highest levels of homolo-
In its third racing season, the 296 GT3 proved very gation for a racetrack.
competitive across many international series. In In 2025, the circuit hosted 235 days of track activ-
November 2025 at Macau, Ferrari earned its first ities and 15 race weekends.
win in the FIA GT World Cup, thanks to Antonio Fuoco The circuit was awarded the prize for the Best
in the AF Corse car. Grand Prix circuit for a MotoGP event five times
In America, in the IMSA championship, the (1995, 1996, 1997, 2000, 2011), and is also a leader
year ended with the Endurance Cup GTD class in terms of its sustainability practices. It was the
Manufacturers’ title for Ferrari, the Teams’ title for first circuit in the world to obtain FIA’s prestigious
AF Corse and the Drivers’ title for Alessandro Pier “Achievement of Excellence” in 2015 and to be
Guidi, Lilou Wadoux and Simon Mann. certified according to the sustainable event man-
Among the other major results, the GT World agement system ISO 20121. As in 2024, the annual
Challenge Europe yielded eight titles across the analysis carried out in 2025 by Enovation Consulting
Teams and Drivers’ categories (Bronze Cup and Gold ltd. on 117 circuits worldwide, 23 of which host or
Cup). Additionally, the number 51 296 GT3 entered by have hosted a Formula 1 Grand Prix, continued to
AF Corse – Francorchamps Motors, driven by Alessio feature the Mugello Circuit on the podium of the
Rovera, Alessandro Pier Guidi, and Vincent Abril, fin- Sustainable Circuits Index, that ranks the sustain-
ished in third place overall at the 24 Hours of Spa. ability performance of global circuits against seven
In 2025, across the principal international and key sustainability factors: certifications, accredita-
national series contested on track, the Ferrari 296 tions, awards, environmental performance, social
GT3 claimed one Manufacturers’ title, eight Teams’ performance, economic impact, and sustainability
titles and 14 Drivers’ titles. It also secured 138 approach and engagement.
victories, including 30 overall wins and 108 class In 2025 all certifications (ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO
wins, counting also those achieved with the car in 20121, ISO 45001, Eco-Management & Audit Scheme)
LMGT3 configuration were renewed, including for the international stan-
dards for sustainable and event management as well our clothing and apparel collection through ded-
as the system of safety and health management on icated fashion shows.
workplaces. Furthermore, in 2025, Mugello Circuit 2. Created a new organizational structure, formed
SpA, together with its parent company Ferrari SpA, by a dedicated and talented team with fashion
obtained the UNI/PdR 125:2022 standard, an Italian and luxury expertise based in Milan and working
certification promoting gender equality in the work- closely with our team in Maranello.
place and focused on reducing gender gaps in pay, 3. Rationalized its licenses by terminating approxi-
career opportunities, and parental protection. mately half of its license agreements where the
product offering and distribution was not con-
LIFESTYLE sistent with the positioning of the Ferrari brand.
4. Completed the rationalization of the retail net-
Ferrari’s presence in the wider luxury landscape is work by closing 7 franchised stores and 4 di-
key to ensuring brand relevance across generations. rectly operated stores considered unsuitable
The role of the Ferrari lifestyle is to foster growth by for Ferrari’s luxury positioning. We have since
broadening our client base and expanding our value relocated and restyled our existing flagship
proposition beyond our core business, while pre- boutiques and opened 3 new ones in the United
serving our brand’s DNA, its heritage and values. States. Our international network of Ferrari
The goal and mission of our lifestyle strategy is Stores consisted of 16 Ferrari-owned directly
bringing to life a universe that encapsulates Ferrari’s operated stores and 2 franchised stores as of
DNA while accompanying our clients through differ- December 31, 2025.
ent stages and moments of their lives.
Over the past years, to strengthen brand desir- Looking ahead, the focus remains on delighting our
ability, Ferrari: community of Ferraristi on one side and tifosi on
the other.
1. Entered into the personal luxury goods segment, Ferrari Lifestyle has three pillars: (1) Personal
a critical segment to broaden our client base, Luxury Goods, (2) Collectibles and (3) Experience.
amplifying cultural relevance for the brand es-
pecially for future generations. We also launched
Personal Luxury Goods – dedicated to our own refined collection –
accessories, apparel and selected merchandising – embodies the style,
creativity and quality that we stand for, balancing exclusiveness and
inclusiveness through a carefully combined mix of product categories.
Importantly, we aim to further strengthen partnerships with selected
licensees, which will allow us to play in complementary territories/
categories while being loyal to our brand’s DNA and positioning. Through
our network of directly operated stores, we offer a wide range of
Ferrari branded products, including our fashion collection and selected
merchandising and licenses.
PERSONAL LUXURY GOODS
77
78
Collectibles – builds on the concept of collectability by enlarging and
customizing the portfolio of available Ferrari tokens and the offer of
Ferrari-branded products such as high-end watches and high-end writing
instruments, consumer electronics, sportswear, toys, leading video
games, and other accessories. We are expanding the offer of products
such as limited editions and one-off artifacts embodying the inherent
craftsmanship and innovative spirit that lie behind the creation, design,
and manufacture of our cars. This offering also includes the renewed
Authentic Pieces, Historic Pieces, and Driver Pieces launched in 2025.
COLLECTIBLES
Experience – Through this pillar we intend to nurture our heritage
and celebrate our craftsmanship through dedicated and tailor-made
experiences. We capture the essence of the Ferrari spirit by immersing
customers in the racing history, passion and values of Ferrari, through
our Ferrari museums in Modena and Maranello (which attracted more
than 890,000 visitors in 2025), Il Cavallino restaurant in Maranello and our
theme parks in Abu Dhabi and Spain.
EXPERIENCE
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY We also own a number of registered trademarks,
designs and patents, including approximately
We own a number of registered designs and utility 600 trademarks (word or figurative), registered in
patents. We expect the number to grow as we con- several countries and across a number of classes.
tinue to pursue technological innovations and to de- In particular, we ensure that the maximum level
velop our design and brand activities. of protection is given to the following iconic
We file patent applications in Europe, and around trademarks, for which we own approximately
the world (including in the United States) to protect 4,410 applications/registrations in approximate-
technology and improvements considered import- ly 150 countries, in most of the main classes for
ant to our business. No single patent is material to our goods and services:
business as a whole.
REGISTERED TRADEMARKS, DESIGNS AND PATENTS
“FERRARI” (WORD) “FERRARI” LOGOTYPE THE “PRANCING HORSE” (FIGURATIVE)
FERRARI
THE TRADEMARK (FIGURATIVE) THE RACING SHIELD (FIGURATIVE) SCUDERIA FERRARI (WORD & FIGURATIVE)
SCUDERIA
FERRARI
The names of our Range, Special Series, Icona PROPERTIES
and Supercar models and Formula 1 single-seat-
er models are also registered as trademarks Our principal manufacturing facility is located in
(and logotypes) and we also register their domain Maranello (Modena), Italy. It has an aggregate cov-
names and the cars’ design. ered area of approximately 832 thousand square
The protection of intellectual property is also meters. Our Maranello plant hosts our corporate of-
increasingly important in connection with our design fices and most of the facilities we operate for the de-
and brand activities. Therefore, we adopt and follow sign, development and production of our road and
internal processes and procedures to ensure both track cars, as well as of our Formula 1 single-seat-
that all necessary protection is given to our intellec- ers. (See “—Manufacturing”). Except for some leased
tual property rights and that no third party rights technical equipment, we own all our facilities and
are infringed by us. In addition, we are particularly equipment in Maranello.
active in seeking to limit any counterfeiting activities In recent years, we have made significant invest-
regarding our Ferrari branded products around the ments in our manufacturing facilities. In 2015, we
world. To reach this goal we closely monitor trade- completed construction of a new building entirely
mark applications and domain names worldwide, dedicated to our Formula 1 team and racing activi-
actively interact with national and local authorities ties, as well as the new wind tunnel 4WD. In 2018, we
and customs and avail ourselves of a network of completed the Ferrari Design Centre, which covers
experienced outside counsels. more than 7 thousand square meters. In 2019, we
completed the office area and workshop area of
the New Technical Center for the development of
engines and hybrid systems. The entire building and
the engine and hybrid test benches cover an area
of approximately 20 thousand square meters and
were completed in 2021.
79
80
In 2021, we completed the construction of a new ciency energy systems, Volatile Organic Composite
building related to sport activities (which covers (“VOC”) reduction technologies and advanced water
an area of approximately 6 thousand square me- treatment and recycling processes, contributing to
ters near the Fiorano track), a new building for our the achievement of the Company’s ESG targets.
Formula 1 simulator and the renovation of the offices In 2025, Ferrari began and completed the con-
used by our Marketing and Commercial department. struction of Ferrari e-Vortex. The new infrastructure,
Between 2019 and 2022, Ferrari acquired land approximately two kilometers long and covering an
and buildings near its Maranello plants and started area of 37,000 square meters, represents a funda-
the construction of the e-Building, inaugurated in mental step forward in improving the functional
June 2024. With a total floor space of over 40 thou- testing of sports cars fresh off the production line.
sand square meters, the e-Building is a strategic Designed to meet the most advanced development
asset for vehicle assembly and the construction of and validation requirements, the track allows for
electric motors, batteries, electric axles. It features precise and repeatable testing in compliance with
two floors, designed to achieve maximum levels the highest safety standards. The track is divided
of energy performance with heat pump air condi- into a series of sectors, each dedicated to a specific
tioning systems and a 1.3 MW photovoltaic system aspect of performance and driving pleasure: two
installed on the roof. Externally, the building is mainly wide curves with banking and longitudinal slope, a
made with both opaline and transparent glass pan- central straight, and handling curves dedicated to
els which guarantee a high internal diffusion of nat- the study of dynamic behavior. The special road sur-
ural light and high visual comfort, also supported by faces – developed using Ferrari’s experience and
the study of colors and modern lighting materials. expertise – allow for in-depth analysis of comfort
In addition to condensing the best characteristics and performance.
of environmental sustainability, the building offers Adjacent to the plant is our Fiorano track, built
internal and external spaces intended for the well-be- in 1972 and remodeled in 1996, and which covers
ing of people through the presence of numerous approximately 3 thousand meters.
relaxation areas. The track also houses the Formula 1 logistics
In 2023, Ferrari added an additional 8 thousand offices. Additional facilities in Maranello include a
square meters to the New Technical Center in order product development center, a hospitality area and
to speed up the development of electrification activ- the Ferrari museum.
ities and boost the ability to test the strategic prod- We also own the Mugello racing circuit in
uct range components. Furthermore, to support the Scarperia, near Florence, which we rent to racing
development and production of Formula 1 compo- events organizers (see “—Racing—Mugello Circuit”).
nents, the Mechanical department was expanded We own a second plant in Modena, named
by approximately 2 thousand square meters. The Carrozzeria Scaglietti. At this approximately 26 thou-
increasing number of employees has made it neces- sand square meter plant we manufacture aluminum
sary to construct, expand and modernize offices and bodyworks for our regular Range, Special Series
workspaces. The new Marketing and Commercial and prototype cars.
Department offices and the 4WD Wind Tunnel The total carrying value of our property, plant and
enlargement, which enables the entire Product equipment at December 31, 2025 was €2,058 million.
Development to accommodate more resources in
line with the range plan, have been identified as the EMPLOYEES
most significant buildings in 2023. The total area of
these recently constructed buildings is about 4 thou- Human capital represents a key driver of our suc-
sand square meters. In order to attract the attention cess, reinforcing our standing as a global leader
of Ferrari collaborators, we also moved forward in the luxury industry and enabling the creation
with the development and restructuring of certain of sustainable, long-term value. To foster excel-
related facilities (company restaurant, health & care lence, support professional growth, and ensure
rooms, and infirmary). equal opportunities, we implement a range of initia-
In 2024, we began the construction of our new tives, including: our appraisal system, which plays
paint shop, which continued in 2025 and is ongoing. a central role in evaluating middle managers and
Once completed, the facility, built on a land previ- white-collar employees through structured per-
ously purchased, will feature total space of approxi- formance management metrics; our talent man-
mately 65 thousand square meters over two floors. agement and succession planning, in addition to as-
The paint shop is a strategic project designed to sessment plans for blue and white collars; training
strengthen the aesthetic appeal of our products and and skill-building initiatives; employee satisfaction
expand the range of customization options offered and engagement surveys, including our so-called
to clients. The facility will incorporate state of the art “Ferrari League” programs, and flexible work ar-
paint application technologies, high precision robotic rangements, commuting programs and a dedicat-
systems and digital process control solutions capa- ed welfare program, Formula Benessere, which in-
ble of ensuring superior levels of consistency and cludes, among other programs, Formula Benessere
repeatability. Environmental considerations have Check-Up (provided for 4,164 employees), launched
been central to the design, which includes high effi- in 2024 and which provides an annual medical
check-up to be carried out during working hours, ile mode and paid leave for employees with children
Formula Benessere Junior (provided for 1,058 chil- up to the age of 10.
dren), offering medical assistance to employees On December 31, 2025, we had a total of 5,718
and their children and now covering children aged employees, including 161 managers and senior
4-18 (previously the 5-15 age group), and Formula managers. Of these employees, 5,367 were based
Estate Junior, offering summer campus activities to in Italy (primarily at our Maranello facility) and 351
employees’ children. We also announced additional were based in offices around the world (including
initiatives aimed at supporting parenthood, includ- 28 managers and senior managers), mostly in North
ing greater flexibility for those who can work in ag- America and China.
December 31,
White-collar employees and middle-managers 2,954 2,769 2,568
Italy 2,640 2,458 2,282
Rest of the world 314 311 286
Blue-collar employees 2,603 2,496 2,259
Italy 2,594 2,488 2,250
Rest of the world 9 8 9
Managers and senior managers 161 170 161
Total 5,718 5,435 4,988
Approximately 12 percent of the employees REGULATORY MATTERS
were trade union members in 2025. Our em-
ployees’ principal trade unions are Federazione We manufacture and sell our cars around the world
Italiana Metalmeccanici (FIM-CISL), Unione Italiana and our operations are therefore subject to a va-
Lavoratori Metalmeccanici (UILM-UIL), Federazione riety of laws and regulations relating to environ-
Italiana Sindacati Metalmeccanici e Industrie mental, health and safety and other matters. These
Collegate (FISMIC) and Federazione Impiegati Operai laws regulate our cars, including their emissions,
Metallurgici (FIOM-CGIL). fuel consumption, safety, and connectivity as well
All of our managers in Italy are covered by col- as our manufacturing facilities and operations, set-
lective bargaining agreements signed by the Italian ting strict requirements on emissions, treatment
trade union, Federmanager, signed on April 28, and disposal of waste, water and hazardous mate-
2023. Our other employees in Italy are covered by rials and prohibitions on environmental contami-
two agreements: the first one entered into by FCA, nation. Our vehicles, together with the engines that
CNH Industrial, Iveco and Ferrari with Italian labor power them, must comply with extensive regional,
unions (FIM-CISL, UILM-IUL, FISMIC, UGL and AQCF), national and local laws and regulations, and indus-
signed on March 8, 2023; the second one entered try self-regulations (including those that regulate
into by Ferrari and Italian labor unions (FIM-CISL, vehicle safety). However, we currently benefit from
UILM-IUL, FISMIC), signed on November 13, 2023 and certain regulatory exemptions, because we qualify
named “Accordo Premio di Competitività Ferrari”, as an SVM or similar designation in certain jurisdic-
which includes, among other things, the payment of tions where we sell cars. As outlined below, these
bonuses linked to performance for certain catego- exemptions provide a range of benefits, from less
ries of employees. stringent emissions caps and compliance date ex-
On June 6th, 2025, the economic part of the col- tensions, to exemptions from zero emission vehicle
lective bargaining agreement (Contratto Collettivo production requirements.
Specifico di Lavoro - CCSL) was renewed for the We are in compliance with the relevant regula-
two-year period 2025-2026. tory requirements affecting our facilities and prod-
In addition to the collective bargaining agree- ucts around the world. We constantly monitor such
ments, we have individually negotiated agreements requirements and adjust our operations as neces-
with several of our managers and other key employ- sary to remain in compliance.
ees providing for long-term incentives, exclusivity
and non-compete provisions.
81
82
APPROVAL AND MARKET SURVEILLANCE meter, rising to 100 percent of the fleet in 2021. The
2014 regulation extends the small volume and niche
In 2018, the European Parliament and European manufacturers derogation. Pursuant to the deroga-
Council issued Regulation 2018/858, establish- tion approved by the European Commission follow-
ing the new framework for the approval and ing our petition, we were required to meet certain
market surveillance of motor vehicles (repealing CO emissions target levels in the 2017-2021 period,
Directive 2007/46/EC). While the previous regula- reaching a target of 277 grams per kilometer in 2021
tory framework of Directive 2007/46/EC was fo- for our fleet of EU-registered cars that year.
cused on technical standards, the new regulation In 2019, the European Union set new 2025 and
has a broader scope by including market surveil- 2030 emissions targets, calling for respectively a
lance requirements in order to ensure the enforce- 15 percent and 37.5 percent reduction of the tar-
ment of applicable standards. The key objectives of get applicable in 2021. An incentive mechanism for
Regulation 2018/858 are: enhancing the indepen- zero and low emission vehicles was also introduced.
dence of technical services (i.e. the approved testing This new regulation (EU 2019/631) continues to state
laboratories) as well as improving the quality of the that it is not appropriate to use the same method
testing of vehicles and setting stricter requirements to determine the emissions reduction targets for
for technical services; introducing market surveil- large volume manufacturers as for small volume
lance in order to verify the conformity of vehicles on manufacturers that are considered as independent.
the market to the applicable standards, and requir- Therefore, Ferrari and other SVMs have the possi-
ing corrective measures in case of non-compliance bility to continue to apply for alternative emissions
or where a vehicle poses a safety risk or a risk to the reduction and are required to submit the application
environment; strengthening the type approval sys- at the latest by October 31 of the year in which the
tem with more stringent oversight by the EU. The related derogation shall apply.
Commission has the power to suspend, restrict or The regulation EU 2019/631 sets out new EU
withdraw the designation of technical services, to rules on monitoring and reporting of average
order recalls, and to impose financial penalties. emissions: the Commission will have to ensure the
The European Commission is also provided with real-world representativeness of the CO emission
the delegated power to revise Regulation 2018/858 values based on data from the fuel consumption
in order to keep it up to date and aligned with indus- meters installed in new cars and will be obliged to
try and stakeholder needs. In 2025, several updates publish the performance of each manufacturer. For
were presented, which are expected to be adopted this purpose, the Commission issued in March 2021
in 2026. In particular, one amendment is aimed the Implementing Regulation EU 2021/392 requiring
at strengthening the individual vehicle approval manufacturers to collect and report the real-world
scheme by updating the list of applicable require- on-board fuel consumption monitoring (OBFCM)
ments and general rules. Another amendment is data and the vehicle identification numbers of new
intended to define clear requirements to allow man- cars registered starting from January 1, 2021, unless
ufacturers to certify replacement batteries for vehi- the vehicle owner expressly refuses to make that
cles already registered. data available. The European Commission will then
publish real-world data on an annual basis, aggre-
GREENHOUSE GAS/CO/FUEL ECONOMY gated at the level of manufacturer for comparison
LEGISLATION of the same set of vehicles between data recorded
in the certificates of conformity and the real-world
European legislation limited fleet average green- data. The first report was published in 2024. In addi-
house gas emissions for new passenger cars to 130 tion, regulation EU 2019/631 requires the European
grams of CO per kilometer for the period 2015-2019. Commission to evaluate the possibility of a common
Due to our SVM status under EU regulations we ben- methodology for the assessment and the consistent
efited from a derogation from the 130 grams per data reporting of full life-cycle emissions from cars.
kilometer emissions requirement available to small The regulation also includes provisions on in-ser-
volume and niche manufacturers during that pe- vice conformity testing and on detecting strategies
riod. Pursuant to that derogation, we were instead which may artificially improve the CO performance.
required to meet yearly CO emissions targets, be- Because of these requirements, the European
ginning in 2012, reaching a target level of 290 grams Commission developed the Delegated Regulation
per kilometer in 2016 for our fleet of EU-registered (EU) 2023/2867 setting out the guiding principles
vehicles that year. Despite global shipments ex- for defining the in-service verification procedures.
ceeding 10,000 vehicles in 2019, Ferrari continued Detailed technical provisions (e.g., test procedures,
to qualify as an SVM under EU regulations, because statistical evaluations, tolerances, pass/fail criteria,
its total number of registered vehicles in the EU per etc.) for the in-service verification procedures have
year is less than 10,000 vehicles. been defined in the Implementing Regulation EU
In 2014, the European Union set new 2020 emis- 2023/2866.
sions targets, calling for 95 percent of a manufac- The European Green Deal, adopted by the
turer’s full fleet of new passenger cars registered in European Commission in December 2019, has at its
the EU in 2020 to average 95 grams of CO per kilo- core combating climate change and reaching the
objectives of the Paris Agreement and other environ- performance standards for new passenger cars
mental goals (including addressing air pollution). One and for new light commercial vehicles was published
of its central elements is the 2050 climate neutrality in the EU Official Journal on 25 April 2023 and entered
objective. The European Commission enshrined the into force in May 2023. In particular, the provision
2050 climate neutrality objective into EU law entered granting a derogation from the specific emissions
into force in July 2021. In order to set the EU on a sus- targets to manufacturers responsible for between
tainable path to achieve climate neutrality by 2050, 1,000 and 10,000 new passenger cars in a calendar
the European Commission has also presented a net year will remain until 2035 included. Moreover, both
EU-wide, economy-wide plan to reduce greenhouse the proposals to increase the 2030 CO emissions
gas emissions by at least 55 percent by 2030, com- target from a 37.5% to a 55% reduction compared
pared to 1990 levels. to 2021 and introduce a 2035 target whereby CO
Building on the existing legislation and the EU’s emissions from new cars and vans would have to be
2030 climate ambitions, the European Commission 100% lower compared to 2021 have been confirmed.
also published the “Fit for 55” Package on July 14, For the first time, the Commission has introduced in
2021, which includes a proposed amendment to the this Regulation a legal basis for registering vehicles
regulation EU 2019/631. Regulation (EU) 2023/851 beyond 2035 running exclusively on CO neutral
amending Regulation (EU) 2019/631 on CO emission fuels. However, specific regulatory instruments are
needed to implement this possibility. The European the Swiss regulation, derogations aligned with EU
CO regulation is expected to undergo a major review regulation have been granted to SVMs up to and
in 2026, with the first draft being released on 17 including 2021. Switzerland has historically adopted
December 2025. The Commission is also mandated the targets approved by the European Commission.
to develop a Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) methodol- On November 24, 2021, the Swiss Federal Council
ogy by the end of 2025 to cover the full environmental amended the CO emission regulations for cars and
impact of vehicles beyond the use phase. However, vans. This regulation was repealed starting from
no draft has been made available yet, and it is likely January 1, 2022 and the vehicles of niche and small
to be released in 2026. There is a risk that the pro- volume manufacturers have to meet the same CO
posed methodology may not adequately account for emission targets as the large volume manufactur-
the peculiarities of sports cars (e.g. typical low mile- ers. This change in legislation is expected to result
age), potentially leading to an unfavorable compari- in additional costs for Ferrari, either through penal-
son with mass market vehicles. Ferrari continues to ties or the purchase of emissions credits from other
closely monitor these developments. manufacturers. Such additional costs were not
Similarly to the EU, Switzerland introduced CO material in 2022-2024 and Ferrari does not expect
emission regulations for new cars in July 2012. that they will be material in the future. The Swiss CO
Despite the existence of some specificities within emissions regulation was revised in 2025, increasing
83
84
the stringency of CO emissions targets from that Traffic Safety Administration (“NHTSA”) have sought
year, with an effect on both the related costs of pen- to harmonize fuel economy regulations with the reg-
alties and credits purchasing and the availability of ulation of GHG vehicle emissions (primarily CO). Over
credits on the market. Such costs are still expected time, these standards have been revised through
not to be material for Ferrari, which is closely mon- successive rulemakings applicable to different MY
itoring the credits market for the coming years. ranges, including standards currently applicable
Notably, the revision also established the world’s through MY 2026 and additional standards adopted
first framework that effectively acknowledges the for MY 2027 and later.
role of renewable synthetic fuels in reducing vehi- On September 27, 2019 the EPA and the NHTSA
cles’ environmental impact. issued the “Safer Affordable Fuel-Efficient (SAFE)
In the United States, both Corporate Average Fuel Vehicles Rule Part One: One National Program” (SAFE
Economy (“CAFE”) standards and greenhouse gas I Rule). These rules would exert federal preemption
emissions (“GHG”) standards are imposed on manu- authority under the CAFE statute over California’s
facturers of passenger cars. Because the control of ability to regulate greenhouse gases and would
fuel economy is closely correlated with the control revoke the current EPA waiver under the Clean Air
of GHG emissions, the United States Environmental Act which had authorized California to regulate GHG
Protection Agency (“EPA”) and the National Highway from motor vehicles. The state of California along
with other states and certain NGOs filed challenges required annual increases of approximately 5 per-
to these rules in both U.S. District Court for the cent. In August 2021, the EPA published a notice of
District of Columbia and the United States Court of proposed rulemaking proposing to strengthen fed-
Appeals D.C. Circuit. In May 2021, the NHTSA issued eral GHG emissions standards for passenger cars
a notice of proposed rulemaking proposing to fully and light trucks by setting stringent requirements
repeal the SAFE I Rule. In December 2021, NHTSA’s for reductions from MYs 2021-2026. This rulemaking
proposal was finalized. has been finalized in December 2021. Consistently
On March 31, 2020 the EPA and the NHTSA issued with the EPA’s approach, in September 2021 the
the final SAFE Vehicles Rule (Part Two) setting CAFE NHTSA published a notice of proposed rulemaking
and carbon dioxide emissions standards for MYs proposing revised fuel economy standards for pas-
2021-2026 passenger cars and light trucks. Under the senger cars and light trucks for MYs 2024-2026. In
SAFE Vehicles Rule (Part Two), the overall stringency July 2022, the NHTSA’s final rule on CAFE standards
of the federal standards is significantly reduced from for MYs 2024 through 2026 entered into force.
the levels previously set as the final rule will increase Specifically, MYs 2024 and 2025 standards increase
stringency of CAFE and CO emissions standards by in stringency by 8% each year relative to the prior
1.5 percent each year through MY 2026, as compared year, MY 2026 standards increase by 10%. The CAFE
with the standards issued in 2012, which would have standards reach approximately 49 miles per gallon
in 2026 (U.S. fleet average) as compared to 36 mpg sions with the EPA throughout the years, submitting
in MY 2021, individual manufacturer’s standards will in 2018 a petition for alternative standards in the MYs
vary from these figures depending on fleet and vehi- 2022-2025. No response has been received from the
cle size mix. In April 2024, the EPA published the final EPA regarding this petition. However, in the afore-
rule for its 2027 and later Multi-Pollutant Rulemaking, mentioned 2027 and later Multi-Pollutant Rulemaking
introducing among other requirements, stricter final rule published in April 2024, the EPA allows SVMs
emission standards of GHGs as well as criteria and to adhere to the 2021 standard until the MY 2026 is
air toxic pollutants from light- and medium-duty included. Starting with MY 2027, SVMs should comply
vehicles. The SVM GHG alternative standards have with mainstream standards with a certain phase-in.
been removed from MY 2027. In March 2025, the U.S. This adjustment could impact our operations and we
Government announced its intention to review and will closely monitor developments in the upcoming
potentially revise several vehicle emission regula- fiscal year, including purchasing credits from other
tions adopted in previous years, including a possible manufacturers. However, the regulatory landscape
relaxation of the Multi-Pollutant Rulemaking. In July remains uncertain due to the U.S. Government’s
2025, the EPA issued a proposal to rescind the 2009 recent announcement regarding a potential relax-
Endangerment Finding, which would repeal federal ation of the Multi-Pollutant Rulemaking, as well as the
GHG standards established from 2012 and eliminate EPA’s proposal to rescind the 2009 Endangerment
battery durability requirements. In December 2025, Finding, which would repeal federal GHG standards
the EPA indicated that it was considering potential established since 2012. We will continue to closely
adjustments to the implementation and enforce- monitor these developments and assess their poten-
ment timing of the MY 2027 and later standards as tial impact on our compliance strategy.
part of this review. In February 2026, EPA revoked the In September 2016, we petitioned the NHTSA
2009 Endangerment Finding and repealed existing for recognition as an independent manufacturer
federal GHG emission standards applicable to cars of less than 10,000 vehicles produced globally, and
and trucks. Significant legal challenges to this action we proposed alternative CAFE standards, for MYs
are expected, contributing to ongoing regulatory 2017, 2018 and 2019. Then, in December, 2017, we
uncertainty. In June 2024, NHTSA published the final amended the petition by proposing alternative CAFE
rule setting more stringent fuel economy standards standards for MYs 2016, 2017 and 2018 instead, cov-
for passenger cars, with binding targets for the MYs ering also the 2016 MY. In 2019, our global produc-
2027-2031. However, in June 2025, NHTSA issued an tion exceeded 10,000 vehicles, and therefore we
interpretative rule addressing the legal framework are not considered a SVM by the NHTSA for MY 2019.
used to establish CAFE requirements from MY 2022 We previously purchased the CAFE credits needed
onward, indicating that the agency is reviewing those to fulfill this deficit. On July 15, 2020, we submitted
standards and that further rulemaking may follow. to the NHTSA a petition for an exemption from the
This approach was reflected in additional agency CAFE standards for the MY 2020. We proceeded
materials published in December 2025, and further with this submission because, although Ferrari
developments are expected in 2026. Additionally, in originally intended to produce more than 10,000
July 2025, the U.S. Congress enacted the “One Big vehicles in 2020, actual production was lower than
Beautiful Bill Act,” a comprehensive budget reconcil- 10,000 vehicles as a result of the COVID-19 pan-
iation package that, among other measures, effec- demic and the related shutdown of our production
tively removed civil penalties for manufacturers vio- facilities. Therefore, since we met the NHTSA defini-
lating CAFE standards. tion of a SVM, we have requested an alternative fleet
Under current regulation, for MYs 2017-2026, average CAFE standard for MY 2020 standard. In
the EPA allows an SVM, defined as an operationally February 2024, NHTSA published a final decision to
independent manufacturer with less than 5,000 exempt Ferrari from the generally applicable CAFE
yearly unit sales in the United States, to petition for standards for the MYs petitioned and established
a less stringent standard. The EPA has granted us alternative standards at the levels already achieved.
SVM status. We therefore petitioned the EPA for We purchased the CAFE credits needed to fulfill our
alternative standards for the MYs 2017-2021 and model year 2021-2023 deficit. Following the effec-
2022-2025, which are aligned to our technical and tive removal of CAFE civil penalties in July 2025, we
economic capabilities. On July 31, 2019 the EPA pub- are closely monitoring ongoing regulatory develop-
lished a Notice in the U.S. Federal Register (Federal ments to determine whether further purchases of
Register /Vol. 84, No. 147) that in part proposed that credits will be necessary.
Ferrari be permitted an alternative standard sub- As the state of California has been granted
stantially in line with the alternative standard that special authority under the Clean Air Act to set its
Ferrari proposed to the EPA for MYs 2017-2021. The own vehicle emission standards, the California
EPA approved Ferrari proposed standards for MYs Air Resources Board (“CARB”) enacted regula-
2017-2020, whereas it required a small reduction tions under which manufacturers of vehicles for
for the MY 2021 standard. On June 25, 2020, the EPA MYs 2012-2016 which are in compliance with the
Administrator signed the final determination for EPA greenhouse gas emissions regulations are
alternative GHG standards for SVMs for MYs 2017 also deemed to be in compliance with California’s
through 2021. Ferrari actively engaged in discus- greenhouse gas emission regulations (the so-called
85
“deemed to comply” provision). In November 2012, in China per year that achieve a certain minimum
the CARB extended these rules to include MYs 2017- CAFC yearly improvement rate). Manufacturers that
2025. In 2017 CARB performed a technical assess- exceed the CAFC regulatory ceiling are required to
ment regarding greenhouse gas standards for MYs purchase NEV credits.
2022 through 2025, in parallel with the EPA and the The Stage V regulation, issued on December 31,
NHTSA, and confirmed in March 2017 that the stan- 2019, sets the fuel consumption fleet average tar-
dards defined in 2012 may be still considered appro- gets for the period 2021-2025, targeting a national
priate. On December 12, 2018, the CARB amended average fuel consumption of 4.0 l/100km by 2025.
its existing regulations to clarify that the “deemed Following the adoption of the Stage V fuel consump-
to comply” provision would not be available for MYs tion regulation, an update to the Administrative
2021-2025 if the EPA standards for those years were Measures on CAFC and NEV credits was published
altered via an amendment of federal regulations. On in June 2020, keeping the additional flexibility for
September 19, 2019, the NHTSA and the EPA estab- SVMs and relaxing the minimum CAFC yearly
lished the “One National Program” for fuel economy improvement rate required. The stage VI regula-
regulation, taking the first step towards finalizing tion, designed to strengthen 2026-2030 fuel con-
the agencies’ August 2018 proposal by announcing sumption fleet average targets, has reached its
the EPA’s decision to withdraw California’s waiver of final stage, with the final rule published in August
preemption under the Clean Air Act, and by affirm- 2025. However, formal adoption is still pending and
ing the NHTSA’s authority to set nationally applica- is expected in 2026. In November 2025, the related
ble regulatory standards under the preemption Administrative Measures on CAFC and NEV credits
provisions of the Energy Policy and Conservation were updated, retaining flexibilities for SVMs. In addi-
Act (EPCA). On March 9, 2022, EPA rescinded its tion to the fuel consumption target on the entire fleet,
withdrawal of the waiver for California’s light-duty the Chinese regulation GB 19578-2021 sets specific
vehicle GHG and zero emission vehicle (ZEV) stan- fuel consumption limits on model types. Currently,
dards. California and Section 177 states may again this standard has not been adopted by the China
enforce those standards. Subsequently, CARB Certification and Accreditation Administration
clarified that the compliance with CARB’s GHG (CNCA) and is therefore not applicable for certifica-
regulations is expected from MY 2021 for all man- tion of imported vehicles. In the current Ferrari port-
ufacturers. Ferrari meets the requirements to be folio, only the plug-in hybrid models would be com-
classified as an SVM based on the relevant regula- pliant with this regulation. In November 2024, the
tions in the state of California. Therefore, in 2023, in revision of the GB 19578-2021 standard, introduc-
agreement with CARB, Ferrari petitioned for SVM ing more stringent limits, was published. Assessing
2021-2025 alternative standards. In July 2024, we the potential implications, particularly its potential
received official approval from CARB for alterna- applicability to importers, remains a priority for us
tive standards for the MY 2021-2025. In June 2025, and is expected to be clarified upon formal adop-
the U.S. President signed certain resolutions under tion in 2026. Following the same approach also with
the Congressional Review Act invalidating, among respect to pure electric vehicles, during 2021 the rel-
other things, the EPA waivers granted to the CARB evant Chinese authorities have published a notice to
with respect to emission standards from MY 2026 call for participation in a working group that should
onward. In response, the CARB initiated legal pro- define the energy consumption limit standards for
ceedings to challenge such resolutions. In paral- electric vehicles; the working group was established
lel, in June 2025, the Governor of California issued in 2022 and the resulting standard was published in
an executive order mandating the CARB to begin August 2025, introducing relaxed energy consump-
developing future state emissions regulations, tion requirements for high-performance vehicles.
reaffirming California’s commitment to advancing Formal adoption is expected in 2026. In November
zero-emission technologies and further reducing 2025, the relevant Chinese authority launched an
greenhouse gas and pollutant emissions. Ferrari initiative to develop fuel and electric energy con-
continues to closely monitor these regulatory devel- sumption limits specifically for plug-in hybrid elec-
opments and related proceedings. tric vehicles. Further developments are expected
While Europe and the United States lead the in 2026. In parallel, the forthcoming China 7 vehicle
implementation of these fuel consumption/CO emissions regulation will, for the first time, introduce
emissions programs, other jurisdictions typically GHG emissions standards in China, establishing a
follow on with adoption of similar regulations within framework that will operate alongside existing fuel
a few years thereafter. In China, for example, Stage consumption requirements. Further developments
IV targeted a national average fuel consumption of regarding China 7 are expected in 2026.
5.0L/100km by 2020. In September 2017, the Chinese In the future, driving bans on combustion
government issued the Administrative Measures on engine vehicles could be imposed, particularly in
CAFC (Corporate Average Fuel Consumption) and metropolitan areas, promoting progress in electric
NEV (New Energy Vehicle) Credits. This regulation and hybrid technology. On September 23, 2020, the
establishes mandatory CAFC requirements, while Governor of California issued an executive order
providing additional flexibility for SVMs (defined as requiring that all in-state sales of new passenger
a manufacturer with less than 2,000 units imported vehicles be zero-emission by 2035. CARB developed
87
88
regulations as part of the Advanced Clean Cars EXHAUST AND EVAPORATIVE EMISSIONS
II (ACC II) regulatory package to implement such REQUIREMENTS
executive order. The ACC II regulations entered into
force in November 2022 with the aim to increase In 2007, the European Union adopted a series of
the number of zero-emission vehicles (“ZEVs”) for updated standards for emissions of other air pol-
sale and reduce greenhouse gas emissions from lutants from passenger and light commercial ve-
new light- and medium-duty vehicles beyond MY hicles, such as nitrogen oxides, carbon monoxide,
2025. However, following the invalidation of the hydrocarbons and particulates. These standards
EPA waivers granted to the CARB with respect to were phased in from September 2009 (Euro 5)
emission standards from MY 2026 onward, the and September 2014 (Euro 6) for passenger cars.
applicability of the ACC II regulations is currently In 2016, the European Union established that Euro
suspended pending ongoing litigation challenging 6 limits shall be evaluated through Real Driving
the rescission of the EPA waivers. In 2021, the State Emissions (RDE) measurement procedure and
of Washington adopted the so-called “Clean Cars a new test-cycle more representative of normal
2030” initiative, aimed at phasing out the sale of new conditions of use (Worldwide Light Vehicles Test
non-zero-emission light-duty vehicles, to be com- Procedure). SVMs (vehicle manufacturers with a
pleted by 2030. However, in late 2022, Washington worldwide annual production lower than 10,000
postponed the phase-out of non-ZEVs by five years, units in the year prior to the grant of the type-ap-
aligning its target with California’s ACC II 2035 com- proval) are required to be compliant with RDE
mitment. In November 2020, the UK Prime Minister, standards starting from 2020 while non-SVMs
the Transport Secretary and the Business Secretary have been required to comply with RDE standards
announced, in the context of the 10-Point Plan for a starting from 2017. We believe all new Ferrari mod-
Green Industrial Revolution, the end of the sale of els are fully compliant with RDE requirements. In
new petrol and diesel cars in the United Kingdom 2018, the European Commission issued Regulation
by 2030. On July 14, 2021 the UK Government pub- 2018/1832 for the purpose of improving the emis-
lished the Green Paper on a New Road Vehicle CO sion type approval tests and procedures for light
Emissions Regulatory Framework for the United passenger and commercial vehicles, including
Kingdom. The commitment is to reach net zero those for in-service conformity and RDE and intro-
carbon emissions by 2050. Following Brexit, the UK ducing devices for monitoring the consumption of
Government intends to define the legal framework fuel and electric energy. Under the EU Regulation,
to deliver the internal combustion engine vehicles which became applicable in January 2019, among
phase out dates announced in November 2020 other things, the extended documentation package
by the Prime Minister’s Ten Point Plan for a Green provided by manufacturers to type approval au-
industrial Revolution. To achieve this goal, the UK thorities to describe Auxiliary Emission Strategies
Department for Transport proposed an ambitious (AES) is no longer required to be kept confidential,
and challenging Zero Emissions Vehicle (ZEV) man- and the decision whether to allow access to such
date, in terms of its starting point (i.e. 2024), annual documentation package is left to national author-
trajectory targets and in terms of the announced ities. In addition, the Regulation introduced a new
very limited flexibility to achieve these targets. The methodology for checking In-Service Conformity
final rule of the UK - ZEV Mandate and CO Emissions (ISC) which includes RDE tests. Compliance is tested
Regulation was released in December 2023, estab- based on ISC checks performed by the manufac-
lishing new annual targets for Stage I (2024 - 2030). turer, the granting type approval authority (GTAA),
Stage II (2031 - 2035) requirements will be defined and accredited laboratories or technical services.
in the future. Small Volume Manufacturers are eli- Test results will be publicly available; in addition, the
gible for special provisions related to both ZEV GTAA will publish annual reports on the ISC checks
and CO targets. The Regulation was introduced performed, in order to improve transparency.
against the background of the UK Government’s During 2019, the European Commission
plan to postpone the end of sale of new pure pet- announced that it will propose more stringent air
rol and diesel cars from 2030 to 2035. However, pollutant emissions standards for combustion-en-
the UK Government later signaled that it was con- gine vehicles. The European Commission created
sidering the reinstatement of the 2030 deadline for an Advisory Group on Vehicle Emission Standards
ending sales of new pure petrol and diesel cars. (AGVES), by joining all the relevant expert groups
The outcome of the public consultation on the working on emission legislation, in order to provide
Regulation, published in April 2025, confirmed the technical advice for the development of the post-
UK Government’s commitment to ending the sale EURO 6/VI emission standards for motor vehicles.
of new pure petrol and diesel cars from 2030 and In March 2020, the European Commission launched
to requiring that all new cars and vans be 100% a public consultation on its roadmap outlining the
zero-emission by 2035. Provisions for small volume policy options that it could pursue in revising the
manufacturers are subject to ongoing regulatory emission standards for light and heavy duty vehi-
development and clarification. Ferrari continues cles (Euro 7). This initiative is part of the European
to closely monitor the rulemaking process and its Green Deal, advocating the European automotive
potential impacts. industry’s role as a leader in the global transition
to zero-emission vehicles. In May 2024, the final evaporative emissions, including nitrogen oxides,
regulation (EU) 2024/1257 “Euro 7” was published, volatile organic compounds, carbon monoxide and
combining the requirements laid down for light- particulate matter. These standards were designed
duty and heavy-duty vehicles, inclusive of updated to align in key respects with California’s standards
testing protocols and new pollutant emissions limits for MYs 2015-2025 (so called “LEV3”) and have been
for fine particles and ammonia. Manufacturers of implemented over the same timeframe as the U.S.
fewer than 10,000 new passenger cars registered federal CAFE and GHG standards for cars and light
in the European Union per calendar year could trucks described above. In April 2024, the EPA Multi-
benefit from additional lead time with respect to Pollutant Regulation was published, establishing fur-
new registrations requirements and several other ther stricter vehicle emission standards from MY
accommodations. New non-exhaust emissions lim- 2027. Because of our status as an operationally inde-
its (i.e. brake emissions, tires abrasion) and stricter pendent SVM, Ferrari obtained a longer, more flex-
existing non-emissions limits (i.e. evaporative emis- ible schedule for compliance with these standards
sions) have also been included, as well as a minimum under both the EPA and California Program. In March
performance threshold on battery durability and 2025, EPA indicated it was reassessing aspects of the
real-time measurements through on-board-mon- MY 2027 regulations related to emissions from light-
itoring requirements (including communication and medium-duty vehicles, and in December 2025
over the air and cybersecurity obligations). In June it indicated it was considering delaying their imple-
2025, the first package of implementing acts estab- mentation and enforcement.
lishing partial technical requirements for Euro 7 In November 2022, the California Air Resources
compliance was published. The remaining technical Board published the already mentioned ACC II regu-
elements necessary for full Euro 7 compliance are lations amending the Low Emission Vehicle (or LEV)
expected to be laid down by implementing acts in Regulation to reduce both tailpipe and evaporative
2026. Depending on the regulatory developments emissions. Several accommodations applicable to
to come, the technological solutions required to SVMs were included. In June 2024, the CARB held
ensure compliance with Euro 7 standards may the first workshop on ACC II regulations revision,
affect customers’ expectations on performance, with the goal of achieving alignment with several EPA
sound and driving experience. Currently, at United Multi-Pollutant rulemaking requirements, while also
Nation level the Euro 7 technical requirements are increasing the stringency of other obligations.
being integrated into corresponding UN Regulations In addition, California is moving forward with
to promote global harmonization. Ferrari is strictly other stringent emission regulations for vehicles,
following this transposition to ensure consistency including the Zero Emission Vehicle regulation (ZEV).
of small volume manufacturer provisions. Further The ZEV regulation requires manufacturers to
developments are expected in 2026. increase their sales of zero emissions vehicles year
Despite the ongoing work related to Euro 7 on year, up to 100 percent of vehicles sold in the state
rulemaking, in May 2022 the European Commission by 2035. Because we currently sell fewer than 4,500
submitted the draft Regulation amending EU units in California and all the other states adopting
2017/1151 to a public consultation, with the purpose Californian emissions regulation, we are exempt
of introducing three additional phases in Euro 6 from these requirements until MY 2035.
Regulation (i.e. Euro 6e, Euro 6e-bis, Euro 6e-bis-FCM). Additional stringency of evaporative emissions
The final Regulation (EU) 2023/443 was published in also requires more advanced materials and techni-
the EU Official Journal on 2 March 2023 and entered cal solutions to eliminate fuel evaporative losses, all
into force as from 1 September 2023. The Regulation for much longer warranty periods (up to 150,000
aims to adapt the European regulation to the tech- miles in the United States).
nical progress achieved in the UN Regulations test In June 2025, the U.S. President signed certain
procedures and, among others, it introduces an resolutions under the Congressional Review Act
Auxiliary Emissions Strategy (AES) indicator to indi- invalidating, among other things, the EPA waivers
cate when a vehicle runs in AES mode. Moreover, as granted to the CARB with respect to emission stan-
recent European driving data showed that the real dards from MY 2026 onward. Litigation challenging
world share of plug-in hybrid vehicles total mileage the rescission of the EPA waivers is currently ongo-
in electric mode is much smaller than assumed for ing. In June 2025, the Governor of California issued
regulatory purposes, the proposal includes adjust- an executive order mandating the CARB to begin
ing the current method for determining the fuel and developing future state emissions regulations,
energy consumption values for those vehicles. reaffirming California’s commitment to advancing
The European Commission is also expected to zero-emission technologies and further reducing
assess and evaluate the current noise emissions lim- greenhouse gas and pollutant emissions. Ferrari
its, with the risk of more stringent thresholds. continues to closely monitor these developments
In the United States, the “Tier 3” Motor Vehicle and their potential impact.
Emission and Fuel Standards issued by the EPA were In response to severe air quality issues in Beijing
finalized in April 2014. With Tier 3, the EPA has estab- and other major Chinese cities, in 2016 the Chinese
lished more stringent vehicle emission standards, government published a more stringent emissions
requiring significant reductions in both tailpipe and program (National 6), providing two different levels
89
90
of stringency (6a and 6b) effective starting from these provisions into a UN Regulation required
2020. In July 2018 China’s central government for the certification was evaluated. Ultimately, the
launched a three-year plan to reduce air pollution, process concluded with the integration of the GTR
extending targets for reducing lung-damaging 22 requirements into the existing UN Regulations
airborne particulate pollution to the country’s 338 on exhaust emissions. The European Commission
largest cities. This plan includes reductions in steel included these battery durability requirements in
and other industrial capacity, reducing reliance on Euro 7 regulation. Additionally, the EPA and CARB
coal, promoting electric vehicles and cleaner trans- have set minimum performance requirements
port, enhancing air-pollution warning systems, and for battery durability within the EPA Multipollutant
increasing inspections of businesses for air pollu- and CARB ACCII regulations, respectively. Other
tion infractions. Several autonomous regions and government authorities, such as those in South
municipalities have implemented the requirements Korea and China, are also developing their own
of the National 6 program even ahead of the man- standards to evaluate the minimum performance
dated deadlines. requirements of traction batteries. In May 2025, the
During 2020, the Chinese Vehicle Emission Chinese authorities released the first public draft
Control Center (VECC) launched the “Pre-study on battery durability, proposing stricter minimum
on Next Stage Emission Standards for Light duty performance requirements than the European
Vehicles”, an ongoing research project expected to ones. The publication of the final rule is expected
be finalized in a more stringent emission program in in 2026. Moreover, the European Commission pub-
the next years. Since 2023, several workshops were lished, in July 2023, the final rule (EU) 2023/1542 for
conducted, and we actively participated, ensuring a new regulation on batteries and waste batteries.
that we stayed abreast of the latest developments This regulation will apply to all kind of batteries,
and insights in our field. The first public draft of the including automotive and electric vehicle batteries,
upcoming Chinese vehicle emission standard (China and significantly increases the scope and number
7), which is expected to introduce stricter require- of requirements relating to design, sustainability,
ments for both exhaust and non-exhaust emis- labelling, information and end-of-life.
sions, has not yet been published. Finalization of the In the evolving regulatory landscape, we antic-
rulemaking is currently expected by the end of 2026. ipate new regulations on materials emerging from
Several other regulations are also emerging to various markets. These regulations aim to restrict
take into account the non-exhaust emissions and the or ban the use of critical substances. The EU already
environmental impact of electric and hybrid vehicles has a strong regulatory framework for chemicals
components, particularly on batteries. Brake partic- (e.g. REACH, POP Regulations) and is planning to
ulate emissions from passenger cars are currently expand it as part of its broader zero-pollution goal
not regulated by any UNECE or regional Regulations. under the European Green Deal, with the aims to
However, a new UN Global Technical Regulation (i.e., better protect citizens and the environment, while
UN GTR 24) on the topic of brake particulate emissions promoting innovation for safe and sustainable
of light duty vehicle’s brake systems has been final- chemicals. In this context, the EU Commission pre-
ized during 2023. The United Nations is now working sented its proposal for a new Regulation replacing
to transpose these requirements into a binding UN Directive 2000/53/EC “End-of-Life Vehicles” and
Regulation, which is expected to be formally adopted Directive 2005/64/EC “Type-approval of motor vehi-
in 2026. Tire abrasion is currently regulated by a UN cles with regard to their Reusability, Recyclability
Regulation which defines the test methods to follow and Recoverability”. The aim of this new EU regula-
and was originally intended to set the tire abrasion tion is to propose measures to enhance the circu-
limits to be respected. However, in 2025, the United larity of the automotive sector, covering the design,
Nations initiated the development of a new dedicated production and end-of-life treatment of vehicles.
UN Regulation specifically addressing tire abrasion This regulation also extends the responsibility of
requirements, including standardized measure- manufacturers to the management of the end-
ment methods and limit values. This new regulation of-life phase of vehicles. Moreover, the European
is expected to be finalized in 2026. In parallel, the Chemicals Agency (ECHA) has made available a
European Union is also expected to advance its own draft dossier to recommend a universal per- and
initiatives on tire abrasion during 2026. polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) restriction. It is
The Informal Working Group on Electric crucial to acknowledge that such regulatory shifts
Vehicles and Environment of the United Nations may significantly impact material choices, neces-
proposed during 2021 a Global Technical Regulation sitating substantial research and development
on in-vehicle battery durability that was finally efforts to uphold performance standards amid
adopted in 2022 (i.e., UN GTR 22). This regulation is these changes.
applicable to both pure electric and plug-in hybrid In this context, in 2024, the new Regulation (EU)
vehicles and establishes provisions regarding 2024/1252 on “Critical Raw Materials” was published,
state-of-health monitors, minimum performance establishing a framework for strengthening access,
requirements and in-service conformity checks. resilience, and the sustainable supply of critical raw
A UN GTR is not binding for certification purposes. materials, while promoting efficiency and circularity
However, in 2025, the possibility of transposing throughout the value chain.
VEHICLE SAFETY In 2017, the EU published technical requirements
for the Emergency Call (eCall) system, mandato-
Vehicles sold in Europe are subject to vehicle safe- ry for new model cars starting from 2018. In 2023
ty regulations established by the EU or by individ- the European Commission started a rulemaking
ual member states. In 2009, the EU established a process to revise the eCall framework by aligning
simplified framework for vehicle safety, repealing it to the new 4G/5G “packed switched” technology.
more than 50 directives and replacing them with a The final rule (Delegated Regulation EU 2024/1180)
single regulation (the “General Safety Regulation”) was published in April 2024, requiring vehicles to be
aimed at incorporating relevant United Nations equipped with the new 4G/5G “packed switched”
standards. The framework is reviewed periodical- technology. The eCall revision process has been fi-
ly, and in May 2018, the European Commission ad- nalized in 2025, as the European Commission pub-
opted a proposal for a regulation to make certain lished the revision of the regulation providing test
vehicle safety measures mandatory. On December procedures and technical requirements for the cer-
16, 2019, the revised General Safety Regulation tification of eCall systems. Starting from July 1, 2019,
(EU) 2019/2144 was published in the EU Official new types of pure electric vehicle and new types of
Journal. In 2022, a first set of new safety technolo- hybrid electric vehicle capable of operating without
gies became mandatory in European vehicles, such propulsion from a combustion engine operating are
as Advanced Emergency Braking, Emergency Lane required to be equipped with an Acoustic Vehicle
Keeping systems, crash-test improved safety belts, Alerting System (AVAS), and from July 1, 2021 for
intelligent speed assistance and warning of driver all new vehicles of such types, in order to alert pe-
drowsiness. On November 16, 2022, Commission destrians that a vehicle is moving at low speeds. At
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/2236 setting out United Nations level, it has been identified the need
the technical requirements to be applied for the for additional regulatory action for BEVs with sound
purpose of EU type-approval of vehicles produced enhancement systems other than AVAS regarding
in small series was published in the EU Official their noise emission. A specific regulatory process
Journal. In particular, with regard to certain re- aimed at balancing safety and environmental needs,
quirements introduced by the revised General which may directly impact sound design specifica-
Safety Regulation, an exemption to Intelligent tions, is currently ongoing. During 2024, European
Speed Assistance, Advanced Emergency Braking authorities and United Nation’s contracting parties
System and Emergency Lane Keeping System has began enforcing amendments to the existing regu-
been granted for vehicles produced in small series lation on pedestrian protection, modifying the cur-
and with specified characteristics related to the in- rent test procedures and enhancing the measure-
stallation of the camera. Moreover, the regulation ment methods on extended vehicle areas such as
provides for a lead time of at least two years with the windscreen.
respect to the provisions applicable to vehicles In 2026, the European Commission is expected
produced in unlimited series. In November 2023, to initiate a review of the effectiveness of the safety
the expected Delegated Act implementing the fit- measures and systems introduced by the General
ment of the Advanced Driver Distraction Warning Safety Regulation 2019/2144. Based on the outcome
(ADDW), mandatory from 2024 for new types of ve- of this review, the Commission will evaluate poten-
hicles as required by the Regulation (EU) 2019/2144 tial legislative proposals to amend the regulation
on General Safety, has been published on Official with the objective of further improving road safety.
Journal. This regulatory act was the latest mea- Ferrari will continue to closely monitor the rulemak-
sure to be published within the General Safety ing process and its potential impacts.
Regulation (EU) 2019/2144 framework. Under U.S. federal law, all vehicles sold in the
The European Commission presented a proposal United States must comply with Federal Motor
to grant a full exemption from this new technology Vehicle Safety Standards (FMVSS) promulgated
for vehicles produced in small-series and charac- by the NHTSA. Manufacturers need to provide cer-
terized by low ground clearance, where the installa- tification that all vehicles are in compliance with
tion of such a system is unfeasible. Additionally, an those standards. In addition, if a vehicle contains a
extended lead time has been proposed for other defect that is related to motor vehicle safety or does
vehicles included in small series definition. The final not comply with an applicable FMVSS, the manu-
rule is expected to be published in 2026. facturer must notify vehicle owners and provide
The European Commission is also working on a remedy at no cost to the owner. Moreover, the
several aspects relating to the European General Transportation Recall Enhancement, Accountability,
Safety scheme, expected to be developed in the com- and Documentation Act requires manufacturers
ing years. In particular, with regard to electric vehi- to report certain information related to claims and
cle safety, in 2025 the European Commission consol- lawsuits involving fatalities and injuries in the United
idated efforts with other UN Contracting Parties to States if alleged to be caused by their vehicles, and
revise the electric vehicles safety standard with the other information related to client complaints, war-
aim to improve occupant protection in the event of ranty claims, and field reports in the United States,
battery thermal propagation and to address other as well as information about fatalities and recalls
regulations related to passive safety topics. outside the United States. Several new or amended
91
92
FMVSSs have taken effect in certain instances under rently under development focus on introducing new
phase-in schedules that require only a portion of a anthropometric test devices for occupant protection
manufacturer’s fleet to comply in the early years of standards and updating the strength requirements
the phase-in. These include an amendment to the for seats (FMVSS 207).
side impact protection requirements that added In May 2025, the U.S. Department of Transportation
several new tests and performance requirements announced more than 50 deregulatory actions at
(FMVSS No. 214), an amendment to roof crush resis- the operating administrations of the department
tance requirements (FMVSS No. 216), and a rule for that focus on road transportation, including the
ejection mitigation requirements (FMVSS No. 226). NHTSA. The regulatory updates mentioned above
In 2024, the amendment of occupant crash protec- will likely introduce requirements specific to the U.S.
tion (FMVSS No. 208) was adopted, adding a seat belt market, compelling manufacturers to develop tai-
warning requirement for rear seats and enhancing lored design solutions. This could lead to substantial
warnings for driver and front passenger seats. In research and development expenditures.
2025, NHTSA adopted amendments to FMVSS No. In 2017, the Chinese authorities published an
225 relating to child restraint systems “CRSs”). These updated version of the current local general safety
CRSs are used by NHTSA in air bag suppression and standard which allows China to become the driver
low risk deployment testing. U.S. federal law also market for the Event Data Recorder mandatory
sets forth minimum sound requirements for hybrid installation starting from 2021. Technical require-
and electric vehicles (FMVSS No. 141). With the pub- ments were defined in mid-2019, through the formal
lication, on November 15, 2021, of the Infrastructure adoption of the local standard. In 2025, the Ministry
Investment and Jobs Act, the Congress of United of Public Security initiated a revision of this regula-
States empowered the Secretary of Transportation tion, introducing general technical safety specifica-
to promulgate new regulations within such safety tions for road vehicles. Although still at a preliminary
framework. In December 2023, NHTSA published an stage, the revision is expected to address issues
advance notice of proposed rulemaking as an initial related to dangerous driving behavior and enhance
regulatory step toward introducing a new FMVSS electric vehicle safety. The updated standard will
regulation addressing requirements for technolo- likely require the installation of new electronic sys-
gies designed to prevent driver distraction, drows- tems and ADAS. These measures may introduce
iness, and impaired driving. In the same year, NHTSA requirements that are specific to China, which
also announced a research initiative regarding the could influence vehicle design and pose challenges
practicability of issuing performance standards that for harmonizing with standards already adopted in
would require detection of unattended occupants in other markets (e.g., UNECE, EU). Among the United
rear seats. In 2024, NHTSA published a proposal for a Nations contracting parties, China has been the first
new standard on pedestrian protection (FMVSS No. country to propose an early adoption of updated test
228). If adopted, this standard will strengthen require- procedures on high-voltage batteries for hybrid and
ments already in place in other markets and impose electric vehicles, which has been enforced starting
additional constraints on vehicle design. In May 2024, in 2020. These regulations related to electric vehi-
NHTSA published a new regulation (FMVSS No. 127) cle safety are currently being revised to enhance
on Automatic Emergency Braking System. The regu- occupant protection in the event of thermal propa-
lation obliges manufacturers to equip vehicles with a gation and to safeguard the battery pack from bot-
system that alerts the driver in case of imminent col- tom impacts caused by road obstacles. Several pas-
lision with a pedestrian or a vehicle ahead and auto- sive safety standards introducing more stringent
matically applies the brakes, in case the driver fails to requirements have been adopted at the end of 2024
do so. The final rule differs in certain respects from (e.g. front and rear protective devices, roof crush
other international standards already in place in many and safety-belts and restraint systems anchorages
countries and is expected to have consistent impacts for occupant) and other revised regulations (e.g.
on vehicle sensors design. Regarding the standard lateral and rear collision entered into force in 2025).
implementation, NHTSA granted a delayed compli- The new regulation on pedestrian protection was
ance for SVMs. Following a strong request from the consolidated during 2024, with adoption expected in
industry, the agency is evaluating further delay, the early 2026. The relevant Chinese Authority (CATARC)
first proposal has been announced for early 2026. In revised the binding regulation GB/T 18488 on drive
late 2024 and during 2025, NHTSA concluded several motor system (DMS) for electric vehicles, introduc-
additional rulemakings, including enhanced require- ing more stringent technical requirements, test
ments for the Safety Belt Reminder (FMVSS No. 208), methods and inspection requirements on electric
new specifications for the positioning of anchorages motors. During 2021, 2022 and 2023, the Chinese
for child restraints and safety belts (FMVSS No. 225), authorities worked on several rulemaking initiatives
and a final rule revising FMVSS No. 210 to strengthen related to active safety (e.g., ADAS), which are not yet
the test requirements for safety belt anchorage mandatory for certification purposes and contrib-
strength. With regard to electric vehicle safety, ute to the regulatory uncertainty in this market. In
NHTSA adopted a new standard, FMVSS No. 305a, 2025, however, the regulation establishing specific
replacing the previous regulation to further improve requirements for the eCall system was published,
occupant protection. Additional rulemakings cur- introducing tailored provisions for the Chinese mar-
ket. In particular, the development of a new binding presented a proposal of a new regulation setting
standard for Automatic Emergency Braking systems up cybersecurity requirements covering a wide
began in 2024 and is not expected to be harmonized range of digital products and related ancillary ser-
with the corresponding international standards that vices. The proposal would be aimed at strengthen-
are widely adopted. China has demonstrated a high ing the cybersecurity of products placed on the EU
level of responsiveness to emerging global regu- market throughout their whole lifecycle, improv-
latory trends, particularly in the areas of vehicle ing and extending the provisions and the scope of
safety and electrified vehicles. The Chinese author- existing regulation. The final rule was published in
ities are proactive in identifying and addressing 2024. However, motor vehicles and components are
potential challenges related to new technologies, exempt from these requirements, as compliance
often introducing binding regulations in response with specific requirements is already mandated by
to evolving market developments. However, the lack Regulation (EU) 2019/2144 that, starting from 2022,
of harmonization of Chinese regulatory require- began enforcing regulations on cyber security and
ments with international standards has increased in software updates.
recent years. This situation could lead to substantial In 2024, Chinese authorities issued new regula-
research and development expenditure, specifically tions on cybersecurity and software updates man-
for the Chinese market. For example, since 2025, agement, introducing specific technical require-
work has been underway on new technical and ments that differ from those provided by the
safety requirements for various vehicle systems, equivalent UNECE regulations. These new require-
with adoption expected by 2026. This prompt and ments may necessitate modifications in the elec-
comprehensive regulatory approach has also influ- tronic design of our models. The formal adoption is
enced discussions in other markets, including at the expected in early 2026.
United Nations level, where contracting parties are In 2024, the U.S., Department of Commerce’s
considering revisions to relevant UN Regulations to Bureau of Industry and Security (“BIS”), released a
address similar issues. proposed rule addressing supply chain risks asso-
Regulatory fragmentation is also emerging in ciated with connected vehicle and automated driv-
other markets such as the UK and South Korea, pri- ing technologies. Among other things, the proposal
marily due to specific market needs and domestic aimed at prohibiting certain transactions involving
policy priorities. the import and sale of specified hardware and soft-
ware (and of connected vehicles) with a sufficient
CONNECTIVITY nexus to China or Russia and to establish a compli-
ance mechanism through a declaration of confor-
In 2020, the European Commission issued its new mity. The final rule was adopted in January 2025, with
digital strategy policies, which represent a priority effectiveness from March 2025.
in its regulatory agenda. During 2021, several draft
proposals were issued in this respect, including
in relation to Real Time Traffic Information (RTTI),
Connected and Intelligent Transport Systems (C-ITS)
and Artificial Intelligence (AI). The RTTI and ITS pro-
posals were finalized in December 2023 through the
adoption of the Commission Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2022/670 and the Directive (EU) 2023/2661, re-
spectively.
In 2022, the European Commission announced
the intention to present a proposal amending the
European Type Approval Framework (Regulation
(EU) 2018/858) to include provisions on access to
in-vehicle data. This measure would aim to address
certain sector-specific issues such as bi-direc-
tional access to vehicle resources and the interplay
between access to data and cybersecurity. Since
the announcement, the European Commission has
not yet disclosed the proposal for the sector-spe-
cific regulation. In 2025, the European Commission
announced its intention not to introduce a sector-spe-
cific regulation. Instead, compliance will be required
with the industry-wide “Data Act” (EU Regulation
2023/2854). As regards software and cybersecu-
rity management issues, the proposal is expected
to include replacement parts, new categories of
autonomous vehicles and replacement of batteries.
In September 2022, the European Commission also
93
94
FINANCIAL OVERVIEW
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS OF THE GROUP
The following discussion of our financial condition and results of
operations should be read together with the information included in the
sections “Overview” and “Overview of our Business”, as well as with the
Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this document.
This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject
to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those
described under “Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors”.
Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by
such forward-looking statements.
TRENDS, UNCERTAINTIES AND ferent Ferraristi” and “different Ferrari for different
OPPORTUNITIES moments” strategies, as we continue to broaden
and diversify our product offering, and target a
potentially larger and younger customer base, while
CONTROLLED VOLUME STRATEGY preserving and enhancing the exclusivity and long-
AND BRAND EXCLUSIVITY term value of our brand, through the exclusivity of
our products. In 2025, approximately 84% of our
Our net revenues and results of operations depend, new cars were sold to clients who already owned at
among other things, on the achievement of volume least one Ferrari, and approximately 56% to clients
and mix targets established in our budgets and busi- who owned multiple Ferraris, reinforcing sustained
ness plans, which we define in accordance with our demand and the strong loyalty inherent in our brand.
controlled volume strategy aimed at pursuing con- We target the upper end of the luxury car seg-
trolled growth and thereby preserving brand exclu- ment, and purchasers of our cars typically belong to
sivity. As part of this strategy, we actively manage the wealthiest segment of the population. As the size
our waiting lists in order to respond optimally to de- and spending power of this client base has grown
mand, while remaining attentive to client expecta- significantly in recent years, our addressable mar-
tions across the markets in which we operate. We ket has expanded, further supporting the exclusiv-
believe that waiting lists contribute meaningfully to ity associated with our controlled volume strategy.
the perceived exclusivity of our products and brand, Given the flexibility of our shipment strategy, we can
and we therefore monitor and calibrate them to sus- adjust the actual number of shipments by model and
tain and enhance this exclusivity while ensuring the geographical allocation in response to demand in
highest levels of client service and satisfaction. our key markets. The geographic distribution of our
To maintain the aura of exclusivity associated shipments and their product mix across markets
with our brand, we have continued to execute our reflect our deliberate allocation strategy over the
controlled volume strategy while responding to lifecycle of each model and are generally influenced
growing demand and to demographic shifts, includ- by the timing and pace of model phase-in and phase-
ing the increase in the size and spending capacity of out, the length of waiting lists, and other market-spe-
our target client base. As a result, annual shipments cific factors and conditions, including our commer-
of new cars have gradually increased from 7,255 cial strategy and opportunities for further growth.
units in 2014 (the year before our initial public offer- Our deliberate geographical allocation strategy and
ing) to 13,663 in 2023, before stabilizing with 13,752 the expansion of our product portfolio across cus-
units in 2024 and 13,640 in 2025 (shipment figures tomer groups, geographies and modes of use are
exclude strictly limited racing cars, such as those in intended to support the evolution of our revenue mix
the XX Programme and the 499P Modificata, as well and brand reach, while remaining consistent with
as one-off, pre-owned and other special sales). We our controlled volumes and growth.
intend to continue pursuing our controlled volume
and growth strategy, in line with the business plan
announced at our Capital Markets Day in October
2025, and we plan to launch an average of four new
models per year over the period from 2026 to 2030.
This is consistent with our “different Ferrari for dif-
The following table sets forth our shipments(1) of new cars by geographic
location:
2025 % 2024 % 2023 %
Number of cars and % of total cars
EMEA
Germany 1,481 10.9% 1,476 10.7% 1,472 10.8%
Italy 899 6.6% 797 5.8% 740 5.4%
France 598 4.4% 547 4.0% 490 3.6%
UK 571 4.2% 933 6.8% 1,011 7.4%
Switzerland 507 3.7% 481 3.5% 482 3.5%
Middle East (2) 626 4.6% 479 3.5% 451 3.3%
Other EMEA (3) 1,664 12.1% 1,491 10.8% 1,417 10.4%
Total EMEA 6,346 46.5% 6,204 45.1% 6,063 44.4%
Americas (4) 3,937 28.9% 4,003 29.1% 3,811 27.9%
of which United States of America 3,401 24.9% 3,452 25.1% 3,262 23.9%
Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan 941 6.9% 1,162 8.4% 1,490 10.9%
of which Mainland China 584 4.3% 814 5.9% 1,221 8.9%
Rest of APAC (5) 2,416 17.7% 2,383 17.4% 2,299 16.8%
Total 13,640 100.0% 13,752 100.0% 13,663 100.0%
(1) Excluding strictly limited racing cars (such as the XX Programme and the 499P Modificata), one-off and pre-owned cars, and other
special sales.
(2) Middle East mainly includes the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Lebanon, Qatar, Oman and Kuwait.
(3) Other EMEA includes Africa and the other European markets that are not separately identified.
(4) Americas includes the United States of America, Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean and Central and South America.
(5) Rest of APAC mainly includes Japan, Australia, Singapore, Indonesia, South Korea, Thailand, India and Malaysia.
CAR PROFITABILITY We also seek to increase the average price point
of our Range and Special Series models over time
The profitability of the cars we sell varies based on through continuous and well-balanced improve-
a number of factors, including the exclusivity of the ments in performance, technology and design, to-
offering, the overall performance, engine type and gether with the exclusivity of certain offerings and
technological content of the cars, the level of per- the scarcity value resulting from our low-volume
sonalization selected by clients, and the geographic strategy. In recent years, this has been reflected
markets where the cars are sold, which are influ- in price increases for selected models in specific
enced by local economic conditions, market maturi- markets and in the introduction of new models with
ty, customs duties and tariffs, as well as emissions higher average selling prices compared to their pre-
and regulatory requirements. decessors. This also allowed us to offset the impact
Our strictly limited-edition Icona models (most of inflationary pressures on material costs in the
recently the Daytona SP3, for which shipments com- post-COVID period.
menced in the fourth quarter of 2022 and concluded Our plans to continue integrating advanced tech-
in the third quarter of 2025), as well as our limited-edi- nologies more broadly across our product portfolio,
tion Supercars (most recently the F80, the first ship- including hybrid and electric powertrains, are con-
ments of which commenced in the fourth quarter sistent with the outlined financial strategy.
of 2025), are sold at significantly higher prices com- Furthermore, our personalization offerings, which
pared to other models in our portfolio due to their allow our clients to customize the interior and exterior
exclusivity and their advanced performance, tech- content of the cars they purchase, represent another
nology and design. As a result, these more exclusive favorable component of our pricing and product mix,
offerings typically generate higher revenues and as they generate incremental revenues and margin
profitability margins than our Range and Special accretion on each additional option selected.
Series models, positively impacting our results in the The evolution of our product mix over time,
periods in which they are delivered. including the cadence of launches across Range,
95
Special Series, Icona and Supercar models, supports continued emphasis on component development
the resilience of our margins. By balancing highly aims to enhance performance and reduce devel-
exclusive limited-edition offerings with a continu- opment costs for future models. Our strategy com-
ously refreshed Range and Special Series portfolio bines in-house development of core components
and the contribution from personalization, we seek with partnerships to co-develop and customize best-
to ensure balanced and continuous growth, thereby in-class solutions for state-of-the-art technologies.
optimizing value creation while limiting volatility in Capitalized development costs are amortized on a
financial performance. straight-line basis from the start of production over
the estimated lifecycle of the model or the useful
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT AND PRODUCT life of the related assets or components. Our Range
LIFECYCLE models typically have a lifecycle of four to five years,
while our Special Series, Icona and Supercar models
We engage in research and development activities generally have shorter lifecycles, and certain com-
with the objective of further enhancing our techno- ponents may have useful lives of up to eight years
logical edge through continuous innovation and im- across multiple models.
proving the design, performance and driving thrills We also incur research and development costs
of our cars. Costs incurred for the development of in connection with our Formula 1 and other racing
our cars and engines, as well as for their related com- activities, including initiatives aimed at maximiz-
ponents and systems, are recognized as intangible ing the performance, efficiency and safety of our
assets only when the conditions of IAS 38 - Intangible racing cars. Technologies and innovations initially
Assets are met. These include, among other things: (i) developed for Formula 1 and other racing activi-
the ability to measure development costs reliably, (ii) ties, including Hypersail, our new project for racing
technical feasibility, supported by estimated volumes on the seas, are transferred, where appropriate, to
and expected pricing that indicate a reasonable ex- our sports cars. In Formula 1, due to the combina-
pectation of future economic benefits, and (iii) our in- tion of technological developments and regulatory
tention and ability to complete the development and changes, we typically design, develop and construct
use the asset. Capitalized development costs include a new racing car for each racing season. As a result,
all direct and indirect costs attributable to the de- most costs related to the design, development and
velopment process that meet the conditions of IAS construction of a new racing car are expensed as
38. All other research and development costs are incurred, unless the underlying technologies are
expensed as incurred. Research and development expected to be used beyond one year and meet the
costs are presented net of any technology-related capitalization criteria of IAS 38. Research and devel-
government incentives received. opment costs for Formula 1 activities may vary from
The level of our capitalized development costs year to year within the limits set by the FIA financial
is influenced primarily by the timing of updates and regulations, as they depend on various factors,
renewals to our product portfolio, the pace of our including the need to respond to our car’s perfor-
innovation programs and the ongoing integration mance relative to other racing teams and changes
of advanced technologies into our cars, including in racing regulations.
hybrid and electric powertrains. We continually FIA financial regulations include two budget
launch new models with enhanced technological caps that limit the level of spending for chassis and,
innovations and design improvements to maintain as of 2023 (with applicability from the 2026 season),
the leading position of our product portfolio and to power unit-related costs incurred by teams partici-
respond rapidly to market demand and technological pating in the Formula 1 World Championship. These
breakthroughs. In 2025, we launched six new mod- costs primarily relate to the development and man-
els: the 296 Speciale, the 296 Speciale A, the Amalfi, ufacturing of the racing car, and exclude, among
the 849 Testarossa, the 849 Testarossa Spider and others, marketing costs, drivers’ salaries and the
the Ferrari Luce, our first full electric model that will salaries of the top three personnel of each team. A
join our Range model line-up. The first reveal phase separate cap was introduced for the development
of the Ferrari Luce took place in October 2025, with of power units to be used in the 2026 season and
the presentation of its key technical components and was initially introduced in 2023 (before 2023 there
product development strategy, and was followed in was only a budget cap on chassis-related devel-
February 2026 by the unveiling of the interior design opment costs). The budget caps on spending are
and the announcement of the model’s name. We defined for each season based on several factors,
intend to continue pursuing a well-diversified and including the number of races and inflation. For the
technologically neutral product portfolio offering 2025 season, the budget cap was €152 million for
that includes three different powertrains — internal chassis-related spending and €122 million for the
combustion, hybrid and electric — each delivering development of power units for the 2026 season.
distinctive emotions to our clients. For the 2026 season, FIA set the operational cost
A portion of our research and development cap for F1 teams to approximately €199 million in
efforts focuses on the development of the various relation to the development and manufacturing of
components used in our models, including hybrid, the racing car chassis and $130 million relating to
electric, electronic and mechanical components. Our the power units.
97
98
As a result of our strategy to continuously innovate research and development incurred (both capital-
and broaden our product portfolio, and to integrate ized and expensed) increased from 45.4 percent in
hybrid, electric and other advanced technologies 2023 to 45.8 percent in 2024 and decreased to 41.5
into our cars, we have made significant investments percent in 2025, reflecting, among other things, the
in development activities during the period from progression of several technologies through the lat-
2023 to 2025 and our capitalized development costs er stages of development and the financial caps ap-
amounted to €421 million, €476 million and €448 mil- plicable to certain costs for chassis and power unit
lion in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, while cap- development under FIA financial regulations.
italized development costs as a percentage of total
The following table summarizes our research and development
expenditure for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023:
2025 % 2024 % 2023 %
Capitalized development costs (1) 421 41.5% 476 45.8% 448 45.4%
Research and development costs expensed (A) 593 58.5% 563 54.2% 539 54.6%
Total research and development incurred 1,014 100.0% 1,039 100.0% 987 100.0%
Amortization of capitalized development costs (B) 326 331 343
Research and development costs as recognized in the 919 894 882
consolidated income statement (A+B)
(1) Capitalized to development costs within intangible assets.
COST OF SALES AND SELLING, GENERAL AND to price our cars appropriately, consistent with our
ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS long-term profitability strategy. Our Icona, Supercar
and One-Off models also generally have higher costs
Cost of sales primarily includes costs incurred in per unit compared to our Range and Special Series
the manufacturing and distribution of our cars and cars, although the higher sales prices for these mod-
spare parts. The most significant elements are the els typically more than offset the higher costs. Cost
cost of materials, components and labor, while the of sales is also affected by fluctuations of certain raw
remaining costs primarily relate to depreciation, in- material prices, although we typically seek to manage
surance and transportation, as well as warranty and these costs and limit volatility through the use of long-
product liability-related costs, which are estimat- term fixed price purchase contracts.
ed and recorded at the time our cars or products Over time, we have pursued initiatives to achieve
are shipped. Interest expenses and other financial technical and commercial efficiencies. Technical
charges directly attributable to our financial ser- efficiencies focus on producing components using
vices activities in the United States, including provi- innovative and cost-effective materials without
sions for risks and write-downs of financial assets, compromising quality or performance. To support
are also reported in cost of sales. these efforts, we conduct in-house research and
In manufacturing our cars, we incur costs for development activities and engage with suppli-
a variety of raw materials (the most significant of ers to identify and implement innovative technical
which is aluminum), components (including mechan- solutions. Commercial efficiencies are pursued
ical, electrical, electronic, aluminum, steel and plastic through negotiating discounts and entering into
components, as well as castings and tires) and sup- long-term contracts with partners and suppliers,
plies, as well as for utilities, logistics and other ser- who may commit upfront to pass on to us a por-
vices from numerous suppliers. Fluctuations in cost tion of the efficiencies they achieve. As cost of sales
of sales are primarily driven by the number of cars we includes depreciation of plant and equipment, it is
produce and sell, changes in the mix of models in our also affected by the number and timing of product
product portfolio and inflationary pressures, primar- launches as the start of production of new models
ily in 2023. Newer models generally incorporate more triggers the commencement of depreciation for
technologically advanced components and enhance- assets acquired specifically for those models.
ments, including hybrid and electric technologies, When new models are introduced, we also incur
which can increase costs per unit, although we aim promotional costs in relation to product launch and
marketing initiatives, which are generally recorded volatility in energy prices and to higher costs of
within selling, general and administrative costs. Our certain raw materials and goods and services.
schedule of model launches and client engagement Governments and supranational organizations have
initiatives may lead to higher promotional costs imposed sanctions and export controls affecting
compared to prior periods. In addition, we are mak- certain industries, including luxury goods. Ferrari
ing significant investments in brand development, has very limited commercial exposure to Russia,
which may also result in higher selling, general and Ukraine and the areas directly affected by the con-
administrative costs in the coming periods. flict, and the impact of these measures on our busi-
ness has been contained.
SPONSORSHIP, COMMERCIAL AND BRAND NET Uncertainty related to global trade policies and
REVENUES industrial strategies may create additional macro-
economic risk. In particular, policies aimed at dis-
Our revenues from sponsorship, commercial and couraging imports into certain markets, including
brand activities are influenced by a number of factors, the United States, may, depending on their scope and
including the strength and appeal of our brand, the implementation, adversely affect our operations.
historical success and current performance of our Management closely monitors macroeconomic
racing teams — primarily through our participation in conditions, including inflation trends, interest rate
the FIA Formula 1 World Championship with Scuderia developments, geopolitical events and trade policy
Ferrari and in the World Endurance Championship changes, to assess their potential direct or indirect
with the Ferrari Endurance Team — and the overall effects on our operations, supply chain, cost struc-
popularity of Formula 1 and other racing competi- ture, financial expenses and customer demand.
tions. Our racing activities provide a global platform To mitigate potential supply-chain disruptions, we
to promote our brand and technology, which sup- have selectively maintained higher inventory levels
ports our ability to attract and retain sponsors and to at times and may continue to do so when deemed
develop and promote brand activities. appropriate.
We have increased our net revenues from spon-
sorship, commercial and brand activities in recent EFFECTS OF FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE
years, from €572 million in 2023 to €670 million in RATES
2024 and €820 million in 2025, representing annual
growth of 17.1 percent and 22.4 percent, respec- We operate in numerous markets worldwide and
tively. This growth has been driven primarily by rac- are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency ex-
ing sponsorship agreements, as well as by commer- change rates through (i) the translation into Euro,
cial revenues linked to our racing performance and upon consolidation, of the financial statements of
the continued development of our lifestyle activities. our subsidiaries whose functional currencies are
not the Euro (the translation impact), and (ii) transac-
ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND MACRO EVENTS tions conducted by Group entities in currencies oth-
er than their respective functional currencies (the
In recent years, we have experienced higher costs transaction impact).
for certain raw materials, energy, utilities, financing Translation impacts arise in the preparation of
and other goods and services, including as a result our consolidated financial statements, which are pre-
of inflationary pressures, albeit gradually reducing sented in Euro. The functional currency of each sub-
from 2024 onwards. These higher costs have ex- sidiary is determined based on its primary economic
erted downward pressure on our operating profit environment. In preparing the consolidated financial
(EBIT) margin. statements, assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiar-
In response to elevated inflation, central banks ies whose functional currencies are not the Euro are
increased interest rates in 2022 and 2023, which translated into Euro at exchange rates prevailing at
resulted in an increase in both the cost of borrowing the balance sheet date, while income and expenses
for customers financing the purchase of our cars are translated using average exchange rates for the
and the cost of funds used to support our financial period. As a result, fluctuations in exchange rates
services activities. These trends have impacted sev- between the Euro and the functional currencies of
eral countries, including the United States, where our subsidiaries impact our results of operations.
we offer retail client financing through our wholly Transaction impacts arise when our Group
owned subsidiary FFS Inc, as well as certain mar- entities enter into transactions denominated in
kets in EMEA, where we offer retail client financing currencies other than their functional currencies.
primarily through our equity method investment in Accordingly, we are exposed to foreign currency
Ferrari Financial Services GmbH, for which we hold risk in connection with forecasted and scheduled
a 49.9 percent interest. The more recent decline of receipts and payments in multiple currencies. Our
interest rates in several jurisdictions has partially costs are primarily denominated in Euro, while a
offset these effects. significant portion of our revenues is generated in
The ongoing conflict between Russia and currencies other than the Euro, principally the U.S.
Ukraine, which began in February 2022, and the Dollar, Japanese Yen, Chinese Yuan, Pound Sterling
related geopolitical tensions have contributed to and Swiss Franc.
99
100
In general, an appreciation or depreciation of the Italian tax legislation introduced a transitional period
U.S. Dollar and other relevant currencies against during which both regimes coexisted and were
the Euro tends to have a corresponding positive or applied by the Group in 2023 and 2024, until the orig-
negative effect on our net revenues and results of inal Patent Box regime ended in 2024. As a result
operations, as applicable, although the overall effect of these changes, the Group’s effective tax rate
is impacted by our hedging operations, as further decreased in 2024 compared to 2023 and increased
described below. In 2025, the net foreign currency in 2025 compared to 2024.
exchange impact (including hedging transactions) For additional information, see Note 10 “Income
on our revenues and operating profit was negative, taxes” to the Consolidated Financial Statements
primarily driven by the U.S. Dollar and the Japanese included elsewhere in this document.
Yen. Foreign currency movements also had a neg-
ative impact in 2024 and 2023, mainly due to the ASSET-BACKED FINANCING
depreciation of the U.S. Dollar, Japanese Yen and (SECURITIZATIONS)
Chinese Yuan against the Euro.
Our risk management policies provide for the We aim to pursue a strategy of autonomous fi-
use of derivative financial instruments to hedge nancing for our financial services activities in the
foreign currency exchange rate risk. In particular, United States, with a view to limiting reliance on in-
we enter into derivative contracts to mitigate the tercompany funding and increase the proportion of
exposure related to a predetermined portion of self-liquidating debt through various securitization
forecasted foreign-currency-denominated transac- transactions. As our financial services portfolio has
tions. As a result, our results of operations are only grown over the years, we have increased the use of
partially exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency asset-backed financing (securitizations) to fund the
exchange rates. For additional information, see related receivables. In 2025, our receivables from
Note 30 “Qualitative and Quantitative Information financing activities and asset-backed financing (se-
on Financial Risks” to the Consolidated Financial curitizations) both decreased compared to 2024,
Statements included elsewhere in this document. primarily due to the effects of foreign currency
translation impact.
REGULATION For additional information relating to our receiv-
ables from financing activities and our asset-backed
We ship our cars globally and are therefore sub- financing (securitizations), see Note 18 “Current
ject to a wide range of laws and regulations, gov- Receivables and Other Current Assets” and Note
erning, among other things, tariffs, emissions, fuel 24 “Debt” to the Consolidated Financial Statements
consumption and safety, as well as the operation of included elsewhere in this document.
our manufacturing facilities. In certain jurisdictions,
where we qualify as a small volume manufacturer,
we benefit from specific regulatory exemptions,
including less stringent emissions requirements.
Nevertheless, developing, engineering and pro-
ducing cars that comply with evolving regulatory
standards and can be sold in relevant markets re-
quires significant effort and investment. For addi-
tional information, see “Overview of Our Business—
Regulatory Matters”.
PATENT BOX BENEFIT
Income taxes for the years ended December 31,
2024 and 2023 benefited from the application of the
Italian Patent Box tax regime, introduced by Law No.
190/2014, which provided a 50% exemption from
taxation for income generated through the use
of qualifying intangible assets. The Group signed
an agreement with the Italian Revenue Agency in
September 2018 covering the period 2015-2019,
and continued to apply the same rules for 2020-
2024, with the related tax benefit recognized over
three equal annual installments.
Starting from October 2021, Law Decree No.
146/2021, as amended, replaced the previous Patent
Box regime with a new incentive that, instead of
exempting income, provides a 110% “tax deduction”
for certain costs related to eligible intangible assets.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
2025 COMPARED TO 2024 AND 2024 COMPARED TO 2023
The following is a discussion of the results of operations for the year
ended December 31, 2025 compared to the year ended December 31,
2024, and for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to the
year ended December 31, 2023. The presentation includes line items
expressed as a percentage of net revenues for the respective periods
presented to facilitate year-over-year comparisons.
2025 Percentage of 2024 Percentage of 2023 Percentage of
net revenues net revenues net revenues
€ million, except percentages
Net revenues 7,146 100.0% 6,677 100.0% 5,970 100.0%
Cost of sales 3,453 48.3% 3,330 49.9% 2,996 50.2%
Selling, general and administrative costs 642 9.0% 561 8.4% 463 7.7%
Research and development costs 919 12.9% 894 13.4% 882 14.8%
Other expenses, net 34 0.5% 12 0.1% 18 0.3%
Result from investments 12 0.2% 8 0.1% 6 0.1%
Operating profit (EBIT) 2,110 29.5% 1,888 28.3% 1,617 27.1%
Financial income 168 2.4% 147 2.2% 132 2.2%
Financial expenses 214 3.0% 146 2.2% 147 2.5%
Financial expenses/(income), net 46 0.6% (1) —% 15 0.3%
Profit before taxes 2,064 28.9% 1,889 28.3% 1,602 26.8%
Income tax expense 464 6.5% 363 5.4% 345 5.7%
Net profit 1,600 22.4% 1,526 22.9% 1,257 21.1%
NET REVENUES
The following table sets forth an analysis of our net revenues for each of
the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023:
For the years ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease)
2025 Percentage of 2024 Percentage of 2023 Percentage of 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023
net revenues net revenues net revenues
€ million, except percentages
Cars and spare parts (1) 6,005 84.0% 5,728 85.8% 5,119 85.7% 277 4.8% 609 11.9%
Sponsorship, 820 11.5% 670 10.0% 572 9.6% 150 22.4% 98 17.1%
commercial and brand (2)
Other (3) 321 4.5% 279 4.2% 279 4.7% 42 15.0% — —%
Total net revenues 7,146 100.0% 6,677 100.0% 5,970 100.0% 469 7.0% 707 11.8%
(1) Includes net revenues generated from shipments of our cars (including strictly limited racing cars, one-off and pre-owned cars, and
other special sales), personalization options applied to those cars, and sales of spare parts.
(2) Includes net revenues earned by our racing teams (primarily in the Formula 1 World Championship and the World Endurance
Championship) through sponsorship agreements and our share of Formula 1 commercial revenues, as well as net revenues generated
from the Ferrari brand, including lifestyle collections, merchandising, licensing activities and royalties.
(3) Primarily includes net revenues from financial services activities, the management of the Mugello racetrack and other sports-related
activities, as well as net revenues generated from the rental of engines to other Formula 1 teams and, for the years ended December
31, 2024 and 2023 only, from the sale of engines to Maserati.
101
102
2025 COMPARED TO 2024 Sponsorship, commercial and brand
Net revenues for 2025 were €7,146 million, an in- Net revenues generated from sponsorship, com-
crease of €469 million or 7.0 percent (an increase mercial agreements and brand management ac-
of 8.0 percent on a constant currency basis), com- tivities for 2025 were €820 million, an increase of
pared to €6,677 million for 2024. €150 million, or 22.4 percent, compared to €670
The increase in net revenues was attributable to million for 2024. The increase was primarily attrib-
the combination of (i) a €277 million increase in cars utable to sponsorships and lifestyle activities, as
and spare parts, (ii) a €150 million increase in spon- well as higher commercial revenues reflecting the
sorship, commercial and brand, and (iii) a €42 million better ranking in the 2024 Formula 1 season com-
increase in other net revenues. pared to 2023.
Cars and spare parts Other
Net revenues generated from cars and spare parts Other net revenues were €321 million for 2025, an
for 2025 were €6,005 million, an increase of €277 increase of €42 million, or 15.0 percent, compared
million, or 4.8 percent, compared to €5,728 million to €279 million for 2024, mainly driven by other
for 2024. sports-related activities and financial services.
The increase in net revenues from cars and spare
parts was primarily attributable to a richer product 2024 COMPARED TO 2023
and country mix, as well as a higher contribution
from personalization. These factors more than off- Net revenues for 2024 were €6,677 million, an in-
set the lower contribution from the Daytona SP3, for crease of €707 million or 11.8 percent (an increase
which the limited series deliveries concluded in the of 13.4 percent on a constant currency basis), com-
third quarter of 2025. Foreign currency exchange pared to €5,970 million for 2023.
impacts, including the effects of hedging transac- The increase in net revenues was attributable
tions, were negative, mainly driven by the U.S. Dollar to the combination of (i) a €609 million increase in
and the Japanese Yen. cars and spare parts, and (ii) a €98 million increase
Total shipments in 2025 were 13,640 cars, a in sponsorship, commercial and brand.
decrease of 112 units, or 0.8 percent, compared to
13,752 cars in 2024. Despite fewer shipments, the Cars and spare parts
evolution of our product portfolio mix contributed
to the growth of our revenues. During the year, our Net revenues generated from cars and spare parts for
portfolio comprised seven internal combustion 2024 were €5,728 million, an increase of €609 million
engine (ICE) models and six hybrid models, repre- or 11.9 percent, compared to €5,119 million for 2023.
senting 58 percent and 42 percent of shipments, The increase in net revenues from cars and
respectively. Shipments were primarily driven by spare parts was primarily attributable to a richer
the 296 GTS, the Purosangue and the Roma Spider, product and country mix, as well as a higher con-
as well as the 12Cilindri family, which continued its tribution from personalization. Foreign currency
ramp-up phase and reached global distribution, and exchange impact, including hedging transactions,
the SF90 XX special series family. These were par- was negative, mainly driven by the U.S. Dollar, the
tially offset by the phase-out of the SF90 Spider and Japanese Yen and the Chinese Yuan.
the 812 Competizione A special series, as well as the Total shipments in 2024 were 13,752, an
progressive completion of the Daytona SP3 Icona increase of 89 cars or 0.7 percent, compared to
series. In the fourth quarter of 2025, we also deliv- 13,663 in 2023. Our product portfolio during the
ered the first units of our latest Supercar, the F80. year included ten internal combustion engine (ICE)
The €277 million increase in net revenues from models and six hybrid engine models, which repre-
cars and spare parts reflected (i) a €284 million sented 48.7 percent and 51.3 percent of shipments,
increase in EMEA and (ii) a €63 million increase in respectively. Both the number of hybrid cars and
APAC, partially offset by (iii) a €59 million decrease the proportion of hybrid cars to the total number
in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan, and (iv) of cars shipped continued to increase in 2024 com-
an €11 million decrease in Americas. The mix of pared to 2023, surpassing those of ICE vehicles for
net revenues by geography primarily reflects our the first time, in line with our strategy to integrate
allocation strategy. For additional information on newly-introduced powertrain technologies more
our allocation strategy, see “—Trends, Uncertainties broadly into our product portfolio. Shipments were
and Opportunities—Controlled volume strategy and mainly driven by the Purosangue, the Roma Spider
brand exclusivity”. and the 296 GTS, as well as our first shipments of
the SF90 XX special series family during the year
and the 12Cilindri in the fourth quarter, while the
812 Competizione A special series was approaching
the end of its lifecycle and the Portofino M, the SF90
Stradale, the 812 GTS, the 812 Competizione and the
104
Roma were phased out during the year. Shipments Sponsorship, commercial and brand
of the Daytona SP3 Icona increased year-over-year
in line with our delivery plans. Net revenues generated from sponsorship, com-
The €609 million increase in net revenues from mercial agreements and brand management activ-
cars and spare parts was composed of: (i) a €335 mil- ities for 2024 were €670 million, an increase of €98
lion increase in Americas, (ii) a €273 million increase million, or 17.1 percent, compared to €572 million for
in EMEA, and (iii) an €47 million increase in APAC, par- 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to new
tially offset by (iv) a €46 million decrease in Mainland sponsorships and lifestyle activities.
China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. The mix of net reve-
nues by geography primarily reflects our allocation Other
strategy to preserve the brand’s exclusivity.
Other net revenues were €279 million for 2024 and
for 2023, with higher revenues from financial ser-
vices activities substantially offset by the end of the
supply of engines to Maserati.
COST OF SALES
For the years ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease)
2025 Percentage of 2024 Percentage of 2023 Percentage of 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023
net revenues net revenues net revenues
€ million, except percentages
Cost of sales 3,453 48.3% 3,330 49.9% 2,996 50.2% 123 3.7% 334 11.1%
2025 COMPARED TO 2024 2024 COMPARED TO 2023
Cost of sales for 2025 was €3,453 million, an increase Cost of sales for 2024 was €3,330 million, an in-
of €123 million, or 3.7 percent, compared to €3,330 crease of €334 million or 11.1 percent, compared to
million for 2024. As a percentage of net revenues, €2,996 million for 2023. As a percentage of net rev-
cost of sales was 48.3 percent in 2025 compared to enues, cost of sales was 49.9 percent in 2024 com-
49.9 percent in 2024. pared to 50.2 percent in 2023.
The increase in cost of sales was primarily attrib- The increase in cost of sales was primarily attrib-
utable to changes in product mix and higher import utable to a change in product mix, higher indus-
tariffs in the United States impacting the second half trial costs, as well as racing and other supporting
of 2025. activities, partially offset by the end of the supply of
engines to Maserati.
SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS
For the years ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease)
2025 Percentage of 2024 Percentage of 2023 Percentage of 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023
net revenues net revenues net revenues
€ million, except percentages
Selling, general and 642 9.0% 561 8.4% 463 7.7% 81 14.5% 98 21.3%
administrative costs
2025 COMPARED TO 2024 costs was primarily attributable to racing expenses
and brand investments, as well as the Company’s or-
Selling, general and administrative costs for 2025 ganizational development.
were €642 million, an increase of €81 million, or 2024 compared to 2023
14.5 percent, compared to €561 million for 2024. As Selling, general and administrative costs for
a percentage of net revenues, selling, general and 2024 were €561 million, an increase of €98 million
administrative costs were 9.0 percent in 2025 com- or 21.3 percent, compared to €463 million for 2023.
pared to 8.4 percent in 2024. As a percentage of net revenues, selling, general and
The increase in selling, general and administrative administrative costs were 8.4 percent in 2024 com-
pared to 7.7 percent in 2023. The increase in selling, general and administrative
costs mainly reflects continuing initiatives for soft-
ware, digital infrastructure and organizational de-
velopment, as well as brand investments.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS
For the years ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease)
2025 Percentage 2024 Percentage 2023 Percentage 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023
of net of net of net
revenues revenues revenues
€ million, except percentages
Research and development costs 593 8.3% 563 8.4% 539 9.1% 30 5.2% 24 4.5%
expensed during the year
Amortization of capitalized 326 4.6% 331 5.0% 343 5.7% (5) (1.4%) (12) (3.5%)
development costs
Research and development costs 919 12.9% 894 13.4% 882 14.8% 25 2.8% 12 1.4%
2025 COMPARED TO 2024 2024 COMPARED TO 2023
Research and development costs for 2025 were Research and development costs for 2024 were
€919 million, an increase of €25 million, or 2.8 per- €894 million, an increase of €12 million or 1.4 per-
cent, compared to €894 million for 2024. As a per- cent, compared to €882 million for 2023. As a per-
centage of net revenues, research and development centage of net revenues, research and development
costs were 12.9 percent in 2025 compared to 13.4 costs were 13.4 percent in 2024 compared to 14.8
percent in 2024. percent in 2023.
The increase of €25 million was primarily attrib- The increase of €12 million was primarily driven
utable to (i) an increase in research and develop- by an increase in research and development costs
ment costs expensed of €30 million (after taking into expensed of €24 million driven by racing activities
account technology-related government incentives and our focus on continuous innovation, partially
received in 2025), reflecting racing activities and our offset by a decrease in amortization of capitalized
focus on continuous innovation and advanced tech- development costs of €12 million, mainly driven by
nologies, partially offset by (ii) a decrease in amorti- the phase-out of certain models.
zation of capitalized development costs of €5 million,
mainly driven by the phase-out of certain models.
OTHER EXPENSES, NET
For the years ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease)
2025 2024 2023 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023
€ million, except percentages
Other income 21 22 11 (1) (2.9%) 11 99.1%
Other expense 55 34 29 21 62.0% 5 14.8%
Other expenses, net 34 12 18 22 175.7% (6) (34.2%)
Other expenses primarily consist of indirect taxes, Other expenses, net for 2025 were €34 million, an
provisions and other miscellaneous expenses, while increase of €22 million, compared to €12 million for
other income primarily consists of rental income, 2024, primarily reflecting higher miscellaneous ex-
gains on the disposal of property, plant and equip- penses. In 2024, other expenses, net were €12 mil-
ment and releases of previously recognized provi- lion, a decrease of €6 million compared to €18 mil-
sions, as well as other miscellaneous income. lion for 2023, primarily attributable to other income
related to indemnities received from suppliers.
105
106
OPERATING PROFIT (EBIT)
For the years ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease)
2025 Percentage 2024 Percentage 2023 Percentage 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023
of net of net of net
revenues revenues revenues
€ million, except percentages
Operating profit (EBIT) 2,110 29.5% 1,888 28.3% 1,617 27.1% 222 11,8% 271 16.7%
2025 COMPARED TO 2024 2024 COMPARED TO 2023
Operating profit (EBIT) for 2025 was €2,110 million, Operating profit (EBIT) for 2024 was €1,888 million,
an increase of €222 million, or 11.8 percent, com- an increase of €271 million or 16.7 percent, com-
pared to €1,888 million for 2024. As a percentage of pared to €1,617 million for 2023. As a percentage of
net revenues, operating profit (EBIT) was 29.5 per- net revenues, operating profit (EBIT) increased from
cent in 2025 compared to 28.3 percent in 2024. 27.1 percent in 2023 to 28.3 percent in 2024.
The increase in operating profit (EBIT), despite The increase in operating profit (EBIT) was pri-
car volumes remaining substantially flat, was pri- marily attributable to the combined effects of (i)
marily attributable to the enriched product mix, a positive volume impact of €7 million, (ii) a posi-
including personalization, and a positive contribution tive product mix of €386 million, sustained by the
from racing and lifestyle activities, partially offset by Daytona SP3 and a few units of the 499P Modificata,
higher operational and marketing expenses, as well as well as higher contribution from personalizations
as higher R&D costs driven by innovation for racing and positive country mix driven by the Americas, (iii)
and sports cars. a negative contribution of €12 million from research
The increase comprised the combined effects and development costs, (iv) a negative contribution
of (i) a positive product mix of €215 million, reflect- of €98 million from selling, general and administra-
ing deliveries of the SF90 XX special series and the tive costs, (v) a positive contribution of €70 million
12Cilindri families, a higher contribution from per- driven by new sponsorships and lifestyle activities,
sonalization, a positive country mix, and deliveries of partially offset by higher costs due to the better 2024
the 499P Modificata, partially offset by a lower con- Formula 1 season ranking, and (vi) a negative foreign
tribution from the Daytona SP3 Icona, for which the currency impact of €82 million (including the effects
limited series deliveries concluded in the third quar- of hedging transactions), mainly driven by the U.S.
ter of 2025, and higher import tariffs in the United Dollar, the Japanese Yen and the Chinese Yuan.
States impacting the second half of 2025, (ii) a pos-
itive contribution of €142 million from other activi-
ties, driven by a higher contribution from racing and
lifestyle, and (iii) a positive volume impact of €6 mil-
lion primarily driven by spare parts, partially offset
by (iv) a negative contribution of €81 million from
selling, general and administrative costs, (v) a neg-
ative foreign currency exchange impact of €35 mil-
lion (including the effects of hedging transactions),
mainly driven by the U.S. Dollar and the Japanese Yen,
and (vi) a negative contribution of €25 million from
research and development costs.
FINANCIAL EXPENSES/(INCOME), NET
For the years ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease)
2025 2024 2023 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023
€ million, except percentages
Financial income 168 147 132 21 14.3% 15 11.2%
Financial expenses 214 146 147 68 46.8% (1) (1.0%)
Financial expenses/(income), net 46 (1) 15 47 n.m.(1) (16) (108.0%)
(1) Throughout this document “n.m.” means not meaningful.
2025 COMPARED TO 2024 2024 COMPARED TO 2023
Financial expenses, net were €46 million for 2025, Financial expenses, net were €1 million for 2024
compared to financial income, net of €1 million for compared to financial expenses, net of €15 million
2024. The net change was primarily attributable to for 2023. The net change was primarily attribut-
(i) a negative net foreign currency exchange impact, able to an increase in financial income of €15 mil-
including the net costs of hedging, and (ii) lower in- lion, mainly driven by (i) positive net foreign cur-
terest income on cash and cash equivalents. For ad- rency exchange impact (including the net costs of
ditional information, see Note 9 “Financial Expenses hedging) and (ii) higher interest income on cash and
and Financial Income” to the Consolidated Financial cash equivalents, partially offset by (iii) a decrease
Statements included elsewhere in this document. in gains recognized on the cash tender of bonds (no
cash tenders of bonds were made in 2024 while in
the third quarter of 2023 we executed a partial cash
tender on a bond due in 2025, resulting in gains in
2023 of €8 million). For additional information, see
Note 9 “Financial Expenses and Financial Income”
to the Consolidated Financial Statements included
elsewhere in this document.
INCOME TAX EXPENSE
For the years ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease)
2025 2024 2023 2025 vs. 2024 2024 vs. 2023
€ million, except percentages
Income tax expense 464 363 345 101 28.7% 18 5.3%
2025 COMPARED TO 2024 2024 COMPARED TO 2023
Income tax expense for 2025 was €464 million, an Income tax expense for 2024 was €363 million, an
increase of €101 million, compared to €363 million increase of €18 million, compared to €345 million
for 2024. The increase in income tax expense was for 2023. The increase in income tax expense was
primarily attributable to an increase in profit before primarily attributable to an increase in profit before
taxes and an increase in the effective tax rate from taxes, partially offset by a decrease of the effective
19.2 percent in 2024, to 22.5 percent in 2025. tax rate.
Income taxes and the effective tax rate for 2024 Income taxes for both years benefited from the
benefited from the coexistence of two successive coexistence of two Patent Box tax regimes, which
Italian Patent Box tax regimes, which provide tax provide tax benefits for companies using qualifying
benefits for companies using qualifying intangible intangible assets.
assets1. In accordance with applicable legislation, The effective tax rate was 19.2 percent in 2024
from 2025 the Group continues to apply the new compared to 21.5 percent in 2023, mainly reflecting
Patent Box regime only. the coexistence of the two aforementioned Patent
Box tax regimes, with a greater effect of the new
regime in 2024 compared to 2023.
107
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL CYCLICAL NATURE OF OUR CASH FLOWS
RESOURCES
Our working capital is subject to month-to-month
fluctuations due to production and sales volumes,
LIQUIDITY OVERVIEW our financial services activities, the timing of capital
expenditures and, to a lesser extent, tax payments. In
We require liquidity to fund our operations, meet our particular, our inventory levels generally increase in
obligations, make capital investments and reward the periods leading up to the launch of new models,
our shareholders. Short-term liquidity is required during the phase-out of existing models when we
primarily to support our working capital needs, in- build up spare parts, and at the end of the second
cluding the purchase of raw materials, parts, com- quarter when our inventory levels may be higher to
ponents and utilities used in the production of our support the summer plant shutdown. In addition, in-
cars, as well as personnel and other operating costs. ventory levels may be adjusted from time to time to
In addition to our operating requirements, we re- respond to supply chain management requirements.
quire cash to support capital investments aligned We generally receive payment for cars between
with our long-term strategy. These investments in- 30 and 40 days after the car is shipped (or earlier
clude expenditures for the continuous renewal and when sales financing arrangements are utilized by
expansion of our product portfolio, supporting both us or by our dealers), while we pay most suppliers
current and future models, as well as research and between 60 and 70 days after we receive goods or
development activities focused on innovation and services. Additionally, we may receive advance pay-
technological advancement, including hybrid and ments from customers, mainly for our Icona, limited
electric technologies. Our capital investments also edition and Special Series models, as well as certain
include expenditures related to our industrial activi- Range models in selected markets. We maintain suf-
ties and related infrastructure, such as manufactur- ficient inventory of raw materials and components to
ing facilities, production efficiency, capacity devel- ensure continuity of our production lines, however
opment, sustainability initiatives, environmental and delivery of most raw materials and components takes
regulatory compliance and maintenance activities. place monthly or more frequently in order to minimize
We fund our capital expenditures primarily through inventories. The manufacture of one of our cars typi-
cash generated from our operating activities. cally takes between 30 and 45 days, depending on the
We also use liquidity to reward our sharehold- level of automation of the relevant production line, and
ers through a combination of dividends and share the car is generally shipped to our dealers three to six
repurchases, while maintaining a strong financial days following the completion of production, although
position and sufficient financial flexibility. In 2025, we in certain regions we may warehouse cars for longer
approved dividends to owners of the parent com- periods of time to ensure prompt deliveries.
pany of €532 million and completed common share As a result of the above, including the advances
repurchases of €785 million. At our Capital Markets received from customers for certain car models, we
Day held on October 9, 2025, we announced a new tend to receive payment for cars shipped before or
multi-year share repurchase program of approx- around the time we are required to make payments
imately €3.5 billion expected to be executed from for the raw materials, components or other materi-
2026 to 2030, as well as the proposed increase in our als used in the manufacturing of our cars. However,
expected dividend payout ratio from 35 percent to the advances we collect on cars may be subject to
40 percent of Adjusted Net Profit starting from the timing differences from period to period as a result
2025 annual results. The execution of these share- of the number of models in our product portfolio
holder return initiatives is subject to our financial for which we collect advances and the stage of their
performance, liquidity position and applicable gov- lifecycle at a given point in time, which ultimately
ernance, legal and regulatory considerations. For impacts our working capital.
additional information relating to Adjusted Net Profit, Our investments for capital expenditures and
which is a non-GAAP financial measure, see “—Non- research and development are, among other fac-
GAAP Financial Measures”. tors, influenced by the timing and number of new
We centrally manage our operating cash, liquid- model launches. Our development costs, as well
ity and cash flow requirements with the objective as our other investments for capital expenditures,
of ensuring effective and efficient management of generally peak when we develop a significant num-
our funds. Our liquidity management framework is ber of new models to renew or expand our product
designed to ensure that we have adequate resources portfolio. Our investments in research and develop-
to support our operating activities, planned capital ment are also influenced by the timing of research
investments and capital allocation priorities, while costs for our racing activities, in particular Formula
maintaining appropriate financial flexibility. We believe 1, for which expenditure in a normal season is gen-
that our cash generation, together with our available erally higher in the first and last quarters of the year,
liquidity, including committed credit lines granted and also depends on the evolution of the applicable
by primary financial institutions and our access to Formula 1 technical regulations, as well as the num-
debt capital markets, will be sufficient to meet our ber and cadence of races during the course of the
short-term and long-term liquidity requirements. racing season. We continue to incur significant cap-
109
110
ital spending as we broaden our car architectures, The payment of income taxes also affects our cash
prioritize innovation and advanced technologies, flows. We pay the first tax advance payment in the
and integrate hybrid and electric powertrains into second or third quarter of the year, together with
our product portfolio. We also continue to make sig- the remaining tax balance due for the previous year,
nificant capital investments in operating assets and and the remaining part of the advance payment in
infrastructure projects that are important for our the third or fourth quarter.
continued growth and development, including for
the ongoing construction of our new paint shop.
CASH FLOWS
The following table summarizes the cash flows from/(used in)
operating, investing and financing activities for each of the years ended
December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. For additional details related to
our cash flows, see the Consolidated Financial Statements included
elsewhere in this document.
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 1,742 1,122 1,389
Cash flows from operating activities 2,349 1,927 1,717
Cash flows used in investing activities (944) (987) (867)
Cash flows used in financing activities (1,667) (325) (1,109)
Translation exchange differences (13) 5 (8)
Total change in cash and cash equivalents (275) 620 (267)
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 1,467 1,742 1,122
2025 COMPARED TO 2024 2024 COMPARED TO 2023
For the year ended December 31, 2025 cash and cash For the year ended December 31, 2024 cash and cash
equivalents decreased by €275 million, compared equivalents held by the Group increased by €620 mil-
to an increase of €620 million for the year ended lion compared to a decrease in cash and cash equiv-
December 31, 2024. This represents a year-over-year alents of €267 million for the year ended December
unfavorable variance in cash flows of €895 million, 31, 2023. This represents a year-over-year favorable
primarily attributable to the combined effects of: variance in cash flows of positive €887 million, pri-
marily attributable to the combined effects of:
(i) an increase in cash flows used in financing ac-
tivities of €1,342 million, mainly reflecting (i) (i) a decrease in cash flows used in financing activ-
lower proceeds from new debt of €528 million, ities of €784 million in 2024 compared to 2023,
(ii) higher repayments of debt of €521 million, driven by (i) an increase in proceeds from debt
(iii) an increase in share repurchases of €204 of €677 million, (ii) a decrease in repayments of
million, and (iv) an increase in dividends paid to debt of €338 million, partially offset by (iii) an in-
owners of €89 million; crease in dividends paid to owners of €111 mil-
lion and (iv) an increase in share repurchases of
partially offset by: €120 million, and
(ii) an increase in cash flows from operating activ-
(ii) an increase in cash flows from operating activi- ities of €210 million in 2024 compared to 2023,
ties of €422 million, primarily due to an increase primarily driven by an increase in net profit ex-
in net profit excluding non-cash items of €217 mil- cluding non-cash items of €276 million, a de-
lion and higher advances received for cars (main- crease in cash absorbed from inventories, trade
ly the F80) and sponsorship agreements, and receivables and trade payables of €56 million
(iii) a decrease in cash flows used in investing ac- and (iii) lower net finance costs paid of €50 mil-
tivities of €43 million, primarily driven by lower lion, partially offset by (iv) higher income tax paid
investments in intangible assets. of €117 million and (v) a decrease from other op-
erating assets and liabilities of €69 million;
partially offset by: of income tax expense and net other non-cash
expenses of €165 million (mainly related to pro-
(iii) an increase in cash flows used in investing activ- visions, allowances, share-based compensation
ities of €120 million in 2024 compared to 2023, and the result from investments accounted for
driven by higher investments in property, plant using the equity method),
and equipment and intangible assets, reflecting
our initiatives for the development of new mod- partially offset by:
els, components and infrastructure.
(ii) €244 million of cash absorbed from the net
Additional information relating to the cash flows change in inventories, trade receivables and
from or used in operating, investing and financing trade payables, reflecting:
activities for the years ended December 31, 2025,
2024 and 2023 is provided below. €158 million from inventories driven by an
enriched product mix, and
OPERATING ACTIVITIES — YEAR ENDED €94 million from trade receivables driven by
DECEMBER 31, 2025 product mix and sponsorship agreements
€8 million from higher trade payables;
For the year ended December 31, 2025, cash flows
from operating activities were €2,349 million, pri- (iii) €119 million related to cash absorbed by receiv-
marily attributable to: ables from financing activities driven by growth
of the financial services portfolio;
(i) net profit of €1,600 million, adjusted for non- (iv) €20 million of cash absorbed from the change
cash items including €662 million of deprecia- in other operating assets and liabilities;
tion and amortization expense, €464 million of (v) €1 million of net finance costs paid, and
income tax expense, €46 million of net financial (vi) €410 million of income taxes paid.
expenses, and €140 million of other non-cash
expenses, net (mainly related to provisions, al- OPERATING ACTIVITIES — YEAR ENDED
lowances, share-based compensation and the DECEMBER 31, 2023
result from investments accounted for using
the equity method), and For the year ended December 31, 2023, cash flows
(ii) €222 million of cash generated from other op- from operating activities were €1,717 million, pri-
erating assets and liabilities, primarily driven by marily attributable to:
advances received for cars (mainly the F80) and
sponsorship agreements, (i) net profit of €1,257 million, adjusted for non-
cash items including €662 million for depreci-
partially offset by: ation and amortization expense, €345 million
of income tax expense, €147 million of financial
(iii) €156 million of cash absorbed by inventories, expenses, €132 million of financial income and
trade receivables and trade payables, reflecting: €139 million of other non-cash expenses, net
(mainly related to provisions, allowances, share-
€77 million from higher inventories, driven based compensation expense and the result
by new models and an enriched product mix; from investments accounted for using the equi-
€20 million from higher trade receivables, ty method), and
driven by sponsorship agreements, and (ii) €49 million of cash generated from the change
€59 million from lower trade payables; in other operating assets and liabilities, primarily
driven by advances received for our cars,
(iv) €155 million of cash absorbed by receivables
from financing activities driven by growth of partially offset by:
the financial services portfolio;
(v) €88 million of net finance costs paid, and (iii) €300 million of cash absorbed from the net
(vi) €386 million of income taxes paid. change in inventories, trade receivables and
trade payables, reflecting:
OPERATING ACTIVITIES — YEAR ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2024 €310 million from inventories driven by
production planning and an enriched
For the year ended December 31, 2024, cash flows product mix, and
from operating activities were €1,927 million, pri- €33 million from trade receivables, partially
marily attributable to: offset by
€43 million from higher trade payables;
(i) net profit of €1,526 million, adjusted for non-
cash items including €667 million for depreci- (iv) €107 million related to cash absorbed by re-
ation and amortization expense, €363 million ceivables from financing activities driven by
111
112
growth of the financial services portfolio due to (v) €46 million for repayments of other debt;
volume growth; (vi) €33 million for repayments of our revolving se-
(v) €51 million of net finance costs paid, and curitization programs in the United States, and
(vi) €292 million of income taxes paid. (vii) €24 million for repayments of lease liabilities,
INVESTING ACTIVITIES — YEAR ENDED partially offset by:
DECEMBER 31, 2025
(viii) €400 million in proceeds from new bank bor-
For the year ended December 31, 2025, cash flows rowings;
used in investing activities were €944 million, pri- (ix) €142 million in proceeds from our revolving se-
marily attributable to capital expenditures of: (i) curitization programs in the United States, and
€458 million for intangible assets, mainly related (x) €42 million in proceeds from other debt.
to externally acquired and internally generated de-
velopment costs, and (ii) €485 million for property, FINANCING ACTIVITIES — YEAR ENDED
plant and equipment. DECEMBER 31, 2024
INVESTING ACTIVITIES — YEAR ENDED For the year ended December 31, 2024, cash flows
DECEMBER 31, 2024 used in financing activities were €325 million, pri-
marily attributable to:
For the year ended December 31, 2024, cash flows
used in investing activities were €987 million, pri- (i) €581 million to repurchase common shares un-
marily attributable to capital expenditures of: (i) der the Company’s share repurchase program
€507 million for intangible assets, mainly related to (including the Sell-to-Cover practice under the
externally acquired and internally generated de- Group’s equity incentive plans);
velopment costs, and (ii) €482 million for property, (ii) €445 million of dividends paid (of which €440
plant and equipment. million was to owners of the parent company
and €5 million was to non-controlling interests);
INVESTING ACTIVITIES — YEAR ENDED (iii) €244 million for repayments of our revolving
DECEMBER 31, 2023 securitization programs in the United States;
(iv) €105 million for repayments of borrowings
For the year ended December 31, 2023, cash flows from banks and other financial institutions, and
used in investing activities were €867 million, pri- (v) €62 million for repayments of lease liabilities
marily attributable to capital expenditures of: (i) and other debt,
€487 million for intangible assets, mainly related
to externally acquired and internally generated de- partially offset by:
velopment costs, and (ii) €382 million for property,
plant and equipment. (vi) €496 million in proceeds from the issuance of a
For additional information relating to additions to new €500 million bond, maturing in 2030;
intangible assets and property, plant and equipment, (vii) €340 million in proceeds from our revolving se-
see “—Capital Expenditures” below. curitization programs in the United States;
(viii) €225 million in proceeds from bank borrow-
FINANCING ACTIVITIES — YEAR ENDED ings, and
DECEMBER 31, 2025 (ix) €51 million in proceeds from other debt.
For the year ended December 31, 2025, cash flows FINANCING ACTIVITIES — YEAR ENDED
used in financing activities were €1,667 million, pri- DECEMBER 31, 2023
marily attributable to:
For the year ended December 31, 2023, cash flows
(i) €785 million to repurchase common shares un- used in financing activities were €1,109 million, pri-
der the Company’s share repurchase program, marily attributable to:
including €300 million from our participation
in the accelerated bookbuild offering (“ABO”) (i) €385 million for the full repayment, upon maturi-
made by Exor N.V. on February 26, 2025, as well ty, of a bond previously issued in 2016 and €191
as €20 million for the Sell-to-Cover practice un- million for the partial repayment of a bond due
der the Group’s equity incentive plans; in 2025 following a tender offer by the Group;
(ii) €534 million of dividends paid (of which €530 (ii) €461 million to repurchase common shares un-
million was to owners of the parent company der the Company’s share repurchase program
and €4 million was to non-controlling interests); (including the “Sell-to-Cover” practice under the
(iii) €451 million for the full repayment, upon matu- equity incentive plans);
rity, of a bond previously issued in 2020; (iii) €334 million of dividends paid (of which €329
(iv) €378 million for repayments of borrowings million was to owners of the parent company
from banks and other financial institutions; and €5 million was to non-controlling interests);
(iv) €73 million of repayments of borrowings from Our capital investments primarily support the ongo-
banks and other financial institutions, and ing renewal and expansion of our product portfolio
(v) €18 million for repayments of lease liabilities, and related development activities, with a focus on
innovation and the continued evolution of our cars.
partially offset by: In addition, our capital expenditures support invest-
ments in our industrial activities and infrastructure,
(vi) €250 million of proceeds from borrowings including manufacturing facilities and the in-house
from banks and other financial institutions, and development of core components.
(vii) €102 million of proceeds net of repayments re- Overall, these investments are aligned with our
lated to our revolving securitization programs strategy to continue broadening and innovating our
in the United States (proceeds of €151 million product range through ongoing model launches, as
and repayments of €49 million). well as to support current and planned infrastruc-
ture projects, and selected investments supporting
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES our lifestyle activities.
Capital expenditures for the years ended
Capital expenditures are defined as additions to December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 were €1,013 mil-
property, plant and equipment (including right-of- lion, €1,064 million and €911 million, respectively.
use assets recognized in accordance with IFRS 16 —
Leases) and intangible assets.
The following table sets forth a breakdown of capital expenditures by
category for each of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023:
Intangible assets
Externally acquired and internally generated development costs 421 476 448
Patents, concessions and licenses 33 26 24
Other intangible assets 4 5 15
Total intangible assets 458 507 487
Property, plant and equipment
Land and Industrial buildings 27 58 32
Plant, machinery and equipment 159 105 113
Other assets 81 61 36
Advances and assets under construction 288 333 243
Total property, plant and equipment 555 557 424
of which leases recognized in accordance with IFRS 16 70 75 42
Total capital expenditures 1,013 1,064 911
INTANGIBLE ASSETS electric, as well as the in-house development of key
components used in our cars to enable continued
Our capital expenditures for intangible assets performance upgrades for our customers.
were €458 million, €507 million and €487 million Capitalized development costs amounted to
for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and €421 million in 2025, €476 million in 2024 and €448
2023, respectively. million in 2023, representing 41.5 percent, 45.8 per-
The most significant investments in intangible cent and 45.4 percent, respectively, of total research
assets relate to externally acquired and internally and development incurred (both capitalized and
generated development costs, which mainly com- expensed), and reflecting the timing and nature of
prise materials and personnel costs associated with our product and technology initiatives.
engineering, design and development activities. Of the capitalized development costs incurred in
These investments support both our current and 2025, €162 million primarily related to models to be
future models, and reflect our ongoing initiatives launched in future years, while €259 million primarily
for advanced technologies, including hybrid and related to enhancements to our current product port-
113
114
folio and components. The corresponding amounts the new paint shop, the construction of which
were €283 million and €193 million in 2024, and €286 commenced in 2024 and is currently in prog-
million and €162 million in 2023. ress, and
our new e-Building, which was inaugurated in
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT June 2024.
Our capital expenditures for property, plant and At December 31, 2025, the Group had contractual
equipment were €555 million, €557 million and €424 commitments for the purchase of property, plant
million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and equipment amounting to €275 million (€397 mil-
and 2023, respectively, of which €70 million, €75 mil- lion at December 31, 2024), reflecting the significant
lion and €42 million related to right-of-use assets. investments we are making to expand our vehicle
We made significant investments in infrastruc- architectures, strengthen our infrastructure, in-
ture consistent with our growth plans, the renewal cluding the new paint shop, and support innovation
and broadening of our product portfolio and sup- in advanced technologies such as hybrid and elec-
porting future model launches. In particular, we tric powertrains.
made investments in:
car and engine production lines, including for
models to be launched in future years, as well as
in our personalization programs;
CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
The following table summarizes payments due under our significant
contractual commitments at December 31, 2025:
Payments due by period
Less than 1 1 to 3 years 3 to 5 years After 5 Total
year years
Long-term debt(1) 814 770 724 300 2,608
Interest on long-term debt(2) 66 76 34 2 178
Lease obligations (principal)(3) 31 46 31 54 162
Lease obligations (interest) 5 8 5 7 25
Unconditional minimum purchase obligations(4) 158 107 74 — 339
Purchase obligations(5) 247 28 — — 275
Total contractual obligations 1,321 1,035 868 363 3,587
(1) Amounts presented relate to the principal amounts of long-term debt, excluding lease liabilities and the related interest expense that
will be paid when due. For additional information, see Note 24 “Debt” to our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere
in this document. The table above does not include short-term debt obligations. See the table below for a reconciliation of the
contractual commitments of our long-term debt to the debt recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position included
within our Consolidated Financial Statements.
(2) Amounts include interest payments based on the contractual terms and current interest rates on our long-term debt. Where interest
rates are variable, they were determined using the rates in effect at December 31, 2025.
(3) Lease obligations mainly relate to leases for Ferrari stores, industrial buildings and certain other leased assets used in our business.
(4) Unconditional minimum purchase obligations relate to our unconditional purchase obligations to purchase a fixed or minimum
quantity of goods and/or services from suppliers with fixed and determinable price provisions. From time to time, in the ordinary
course of our business, we enter into various arrangements with key suppliers in order to establish strategic and technological
advantages. In particular, such agreements primarily relate to research and development activities and, to a lesser extent, tooling
obligations. This amount also includes unconditional purchase obligations to purchase a minimum quantity of goods and/or services
in connection with certain of our sponsorship contracts.
(5) Purchase obligations represent obligations to purchase property, plant and equipment.
The long-term debt obligations reflected in the table above can be
reconciled to the amount recognized in the consolidated statement of
financial position at December 31, 2025 (in our Consolidated Financial
Statements included elsewhere in this document) as follows:
Debt 2,884
Short-term debt obligations (102)
Lease liabilities (162)
Accrued interest and amortized cost effects (12)
Long-term debt 2,608
Pension, post-employment benefits and other In particular, we use the following non-GAAP finan-
provisions for employees cial measures, which are further described below:
EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Operating Profit
We provide post-employment benefits for certain (Adjusted EBIT), Adjusted Net Profit, Adjusted Basic
active employees and retirees of the Group. We Earnings per Common Share, Adjusted Diluted
classify these benefits on the basis of the type of Earnings per Common Share, Net Debt and Free
benefit provided and in particular as defined con- Cash Flow, as well as a number of financial metrics
tribution plans, defined benefit obligations or other measured on a constant currency basis.
provisions for employees. At December 31, 2025, the In addition to the aforementioned non-GAAP
liability for such obligations amounted to €145 mil- financial measures prepared on a consolidated
lion (€134 million at December 31, 2024). See Note group basis, we use the following non-GAAP finan-
22 “Employee benefits” to the Consolidated Financial cial measures for our industrial activities only: Net
Statements included elsewhere in this document. Industrial Debt and Free Cash Flow from Industrial
Activities. Our industrial activities include all of the
Other commitments and obligations Group’s activities except for the financial services
activities managed by the wholly owned subsidiary
We have entered into various arrangements with Ferrari Financial Services Inc., whose primary busi-
unconsolidated third parties in the ordinary course ness is to offer retail client financing for the sale of
of business under which we have certain commit- Ferrari cars in the United States and to manage the
ments and obligations that are not currently report- related financial receivables portfolio.
ed as obligations in our consolidated statement of fi- While similar measures are frequently used
nancial position. For additional information see Note by other companies, including within the automo-
29 “Commitments” to the Consolidated Financial tive industry, the non-GAAP financial measures we
Statements included elsewhere in this document. use may not be comparable to other similarly titled
measures used by other companies, nor are they
NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES intended to be substitutes for measures of financial
performance or financial position as prepared in
We monitor and evaluate our operating and finan- accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards.
cial performance and financial position using sev-
eral non-GAAP financial measures, including sev-
eral adjusted measures, which we believe provide
additional insight into underlying business perfor-
mance and facilitate the comparability of results
between periods.
We believe that these non-GAAP financial mea-
sures provide useful and relevant information to man-
agement and investors regarding our performance
and improve the ability to analyze our financial perfor-
mance and financial position. They also provide us with
comparable measures that facilitate management’s
ability to identify operational trends, as well as make
decisions regarding future spending, resource allo-
cations and other operational decisions. Management
also uses these measures for budgeting and business
plans, performance monitoring, management remu-
neration and external reporting purposes.
115
116
EBITDA AND ADJUSTED EBITDA The following table presents the calculation of
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended
EBITDA is defined as net profit before income tax ex- December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, and provides
pense, financial expenses/(income), net, and amorti- a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to
zation and depreciation. Adjusted EBITDA is defined net profit. There were no adjustments impacting
as EBITDA as adjusted for certain income and costs, Adjusted EBITDA, therefore Adjusted EBITDA was
which are significant in nature, expected to occur in- equal to EBITDA for the periods presented.
frequently, and that management considers not re-
flective of ongoing operational activities.
Net profit 1,600 1,526 1,257
Income tax expense 464 363 345
Financial expenses/(income), net 46 (1) 15
Operating profit (EBIT) 2,110 1,888 1,617
Amortization and depreciation 662 667 662
EBITDA 2,772 2,555 2,279
Adjustments — — —
Adjusted EBITDA 2,772 2,555 2,279
ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT The following table presents operating profit (EBIT)
(ADJUSTED EBIT) and Adjusted Operating Profit (Adjusted EBIT) for
the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.
Adjusted Operating Profit (Adjusted EBIT) is defined as There were no adjustments impacting operating
operating profit (EBIT) as adjusted for certain income profit (EBIT), therefore Adjusted Operating Profit
and costs which are significant in nature, expected to (Adjusted EBIT) was equal to operating profit (EBIT)
occur infrequently, and that management considers for the periods presented.
not reflective of ongoing operational activities.
Operating profit (EBIT) 2,110 1,888 1,617
Adjustments — — —
Adjusted Operating Profit (Adjusted EBIT) 2,110 1,888 1,617
ADJUSTED NET PROFIT reflective of ongoing operational activities.
The following table presents net profit and Adjusted
Adjusted Net Profit is defined as net profit as adjust- Net Profit for the years ended December 31, 2025,
ed for certain income and costs (net of tax effects) 2024 and 2023. There were no adjustments impact-
which are significant in nature, expected to occur ing net profit, therefore Adjusted Net Profit was
infrequently, and that management considers not equal to net profit for the periods presented.
Net profit 1,600 1,526 1,257
Adjustments — — —
Adjusted Net Profit 1,600 1,526 1,257
ADJUSTED BASIC EARNINGS PER COMMON The following table presents Adjusted Basic
SHARE AND ADJUSTED DILUTED EARNINGS Earnings per Common Share and Adjusted Diluted
PER COMMON SHARE Earnings per Common Share for the years ended
December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. There were no
Adjusted Basic Earnings per Common Share and adjustments impacting basic earnings per com-
Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Common Share are mon share and diluted earnings per common share,
defined as basic earnings per share and diluted therefore Adjusted Basic Earnings per Common
earnings per share, respectively, as adjusted for Share and Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Common
certain income and costs (net of tax effects) which Share were equal to basic earnings per common
are significant in nature, expected to occur infre- share and diluted earnings per common share for
quently, and that management considers not reflec- the periods presented.
tive of ongoing operational activities.
Net profit attributable to owners of the Company € million 1,597 1,522 1,252
Weighted average number of common shares for basic thousand 178,125 179,743 181,220
earnings per share
Basic earnings per common share € 8.97 8.47 6.91
Adjustments € — — —
Adjusted Basic Earnings per Common Share € 8.97 8.47 6.91
Weighted average number of common shares for diluted thousand 178,321 179,992 181,511
earnings per share(1)
Diluted earnings per common share € 8.96 8.46 6.90
Adjustments € — — —
Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Common Share € 8.96 8.46 6.90
(1) For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the weighted average number of common shares for diluted earnings per
common share was increased to take into consideration the dilutive effects of the potential common shares relating to the Group’s
equity incentive plans (assuming 100 percent of the target awards vested).
For the calculation of the basic earnings per common share and diluted
earnings per common share, see Note 12 “Earnings per Share” to the
Consolidated Financial Statements, included elsewhere in this document.
117
118
NET DEBT AND NET INDUSTRIAL DEBT tivities except for those relating to financial ser-
vices activities.
Due to different balance sheet structures, leverage Net Debt of Financial Services Activities is de-
implications and sources of cash flows for the repay- fined as debt of our financial services activities
ment of debt between industrial activities and finan- less cash and cash equivalents of our financial
cial services activities, Net Industrial Debt, together services activities. The Group’s financial ser-
with Net Debt, are the primary measures used by us vices activities relate to its wholly owned subsid-
to analyze our capital structure and financial leverage. iary Ferrari Financial Services Inc., whose prima-
ry business is to offer retail client financing for
Net Debt is defined as debt less cash and cash the sale of Ferrari cars in the United States and
equivalents and is composed of Net Industrial to manage the related financial receivables port-
Debt and Net Debt of Financial Services Activities, folio. The Net Debt of Financial Services Activities
which are both defined below. primarily relates to our asset-backed financing
Net Industrial Debt is defined as debt of our in- (securitizations) of the receivables generated
dustrial activities less cash and cash equivalents by our financial services activities in the United
of our industrial activities. Net Industrial Debt States, and is presented for information purpos-
represents our Net Debt less our Net Debt of es to facilitate an understanding of the relation-
Financial Services Activities (as defined below). ship between Net Debt and Net Industrial Debt,
Industrial activities include all of the Group’s ac- which are the measures used by management.
The following table presents Net Debt, Net Debt of Financial Services
Activities and Net Industrial Debt at December 31, 2025 and 2024.
Group Financial Industrial Group Financial Industrial
Services Activities Services Activities
Activities Activities
Asset-backed financing (Securitizations) (1,288) (1,288) — (1,342) (1,342) —
Bonds and notes (959) — (959) (1,413) — (1,413)
Borrowings from banks and other financial (428) (56) (372) (415) (63) (352)
institutions
Lease liabilities (162) — (162) (126) — (126)
Other debt (47) (41) (6) (56) (51) (5)
Total debt with third parties (2,884) (1,385) (1,499) (3,352) (1,456) (1,896)
Intercompany (1) — (57) 57 — (29) 29
Total debt, net of intercompany (2,884) (1,442) (1,442) (3,352) (1,485) (1,867)
Cash and cash equivalents 1,467 57 1,410 1,742 55 1,687
Net Debt (1,417) (1,385) (32) (1,610) (1,430) (180)
(1) Represents intercompany (debt)/receivables between industrial activities and financial services activities.
For additional information relating to our debt, see Note 24 “Debt” to the
Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this document.
The Net Debt of Financial Services Activities pri- financing activities and our asset-backed financing
marily relates to our asset-backed financing (secu- (securitizations), see Note 18 “Current Receivables
ritizations) of receivables generated by our finan- and Other Current Assets” and Note 24 “Debt” to the
cial services activities in the United States, which Consolidated Financial Statements included else-
amounted to €1,613 million and €1,662 million at where in this document.
December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. For ad-
ditional information relating to our receivables from
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS alents denominated in currencies other than the Euro
are mostly available to Ferrari S.p.A. and certain sub-
Cash and cash equivalents amounted to €1,467 mil- sidiaries that operate in countries outside of Europe.
lion at December 31, 2025, compared to €1,742 mil- For additional information relating to cash and cash
lion at December 31, 2024. equivalents, see Note 32 “Cash and Cash Equivalents
At December 31, 2025, 90 percent of our cash and and Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash
cash equivalents were denominated in Euro (88 per- Flows” to the Consolidated Financial Statements
cent at December 31, 2024). Our cash and cash equiv- included elsewhere in this document.
A breakdown of cash and cash equivalents by currency is presented
below.
Euro 1,327 1,536
U.S. Dollar 75 108
Chinese Yuan 24 63
Pound Sterling 10 8
Other currencies 31 27
Total 1,467 1,742
Cash collected from the settlement of receivables under securitization
programs is subject to certain restrictions regarding its use and is
primarily applied to repay principal and interest on the related funding
arrangements. This cash amounted to €54 million at December 31, 2025
(€54 million at December 31, 2024).
AVAILABLE LIQUIDITY
At December 31, 2025, our available liquidity, represented by cash and
cash equivalents and undrawn committed credit lines, was €2,017 million
(€2,292 million at December 31, 2024).
A breakdown of our available liquidity is presented below.
Cash and cash equivalents 1,467 1,742
Undrawn committed credit lines 550 550
Available liquidity 2,017 2,292
The undrawn committed credit lines at December 31, 2025 and 2024
relate to revolving credit facilities. For additional information, see Note
24 “Debt” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere
in this document.
119
120
FREE CASH FLOW AND FREE CASH FLOW Free Cash Flow from Financial Services Activities
FROM INDUSTRIAL ACTIVITIES (as defined below). Industrial activities include all
of the Group’s activities except for those relating
Free Cash Flow and Free Cash Flow from Industrial to financial services activities.
Activities are two of our primary key performance Free Cash Flow from Financial Services
indicators to measure the Group’s performance Activities is defined as cash flows from operat-
and cash flow generation. These measures are not ing activities of our financial services activities
representative of residual cash flows available for less investments in property, plant and equip-
discretionary purposes. ment (excluding right-of-use assets recognized
during the period in accordance with IFRS 16
Free Cash Flow is defined as consolidated cash — Leases) and intangible assets of our financial
flows from operating activities less investments services activities. The Group’s financial services
in property, plant and equipment (excluding activities relate only to its wholly owned subsidi-
right-of-use assets recognized during the period ary Ferrari Financial Services Inc., whose prima-
in accordance with IFRS 16 — Leases) and intan- ry business is to offer retail client financing for
gible assets. Free Cash Flow is composed of Free the sale of Ferrari cars in the United States and
Cash Flow from Industrial Activities and Free to manage the related financial receivables port-
Cash Flow from Financial Services Activities, folio. Its cash flows from operating activities are
which are both defined below. mainly driven by the change in its financial receiv-
• Free Cash Flow from Industrial Activities is de- ables portfolio (receivables from financing ac-
fined as cash flows from operating activities of tivities), as well as its operating result during the
our industrial activities less investments in proper- period. Free Cash Flow from Financial Services
ty, plant and equipment (excluding right-of-use as- Activities is presented for information purposes
sets recognized during the period in accordance to facilitate an understanding of the relationship
with IFRS 16 — Leases) and intangible assets of our between Free Cash Flow and Free Cash Flow
industrial activities. Free Cash Flow from Industrial from Industrial Activities, which are the mea-
Activities represents our Free Cash Flow less our sures used by management.
The following table presents Free Cash Flow, Free Cash Flow from
Financial Services Activities and Free Cash Flow from Industrial Activities
for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.
Group Financial Industrial Group Financial Industrial Group Financial Industrial
Services Activities Services Activities Services Activities
Activities Activities Activities
Cash flows from/(used in)(1) 2,349 (129) 2,478 1,927 (89) 2,016 1,717 (84) 1,801
operating activities
Investments in property, plant (943) — (943) (989) — (989) (869) — (869)
and equipment and intangible
assets
Free Cash Flow 1,406 (129) 1,535 938 (89) 1,027 848 (84) 932
(1) Financial services activities mainly reflect the outflows derived from the increase in the financial receivables portfolio (the change in
receivables from financing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows) of €154.6 million, €118.7 million and €107.2 million,
for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Free Cash Flow for the year ended December 31, EBITDA from our industrial activities of €213 million
2025 was €1,406 million compared to €938 million (€2,729 million in 2025 compared to €2,516 million in
for the year ended December 31, 2024 and €848 2024), (ii) a decrease in cash absorbed from invento-
million for the year ended December 31, 2023. For ries, trade receivables and trade payables of €87 mil-
an explanation of the drivers in Free Cash Flow, see lion, (iii) a positive impact from other operating assets
“—Cash Flows” above. and liabilities of €242 million, driven by advances
Free Cash Flow from Industrial Activities for the received for cars (mainly the F80) and sponsorship
year ended December 31, 2025 was €1,535 million, an agreements, (iv) a decrease in investments for intan-
increase of €508 million compared to €1,027 million gible assets of €49 million, and (v) lower income taxes
for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase paid of €24 million, partially offset by (vi) higher net
was primarily attributable to (i) an increase in Adjusted finance costs paid of €88 million.
Free Cash Flow from Industrial Activities for the year CONSTANT CURRENCY INFORMATION
ended December 31, 2024 was €1,027 million, an in-
crease of €95 million compared to €932 million for the The “Results of Operations” discussion above in-
year ended December 31, 2023. The increase was pri- cludes information about our net revenues on a con-
marily attributable to (i) an increase in Adjusted EBITDA stant currency basis, which excludes the effects of
from our industrial activities of €273 million (€2,516 foreign currency translation from our subsidiaries
million in 2024 compared to €2,243 million in 2023), with functional currencies other than Euro, as well as
and (ii) a decrease in cash absorbed from inventories, the effects of foreign currency transaction impact
trade receivables and trade payables of €56 million, and foreign currency hedging. We use this informa-
and (iii) lower finance costs paid of €50 million, partial- tion to assess how the underlying revenues changed
ly offset by (iv) an increase in investments in property, independent of fluctuations in foreign currency ex-
plant and equipment of €101 million and intangible as- change rates and hedging. We calculate constant
sets of €20 million, reflecting our initiatives for prod- currency by (i) applying the prior-period average for-
uct and infrastructure development, and (v) higher in- eign currency exchange rates to translate current
come tax paid of €117 million, and (vi) a decrease from period revenues of foreign subsidiaries expressed
other operating assets and liabilities of €69 million. in local functional currency other than Euro, (ii) ap-
plying the prior-period average foreign currency ex- information on the foreign currency exchange rates
change rates to current period revenues originated applied). Although we do not believe that these mea-
in a currency other than the functional currency of sures are a substitute for GAAP measures, we do be-
the applicable entity, and (iii) eliminating the impact of lieve that revenues excluding the impact of currency
any foreign currency hedging (see Note 2 “Material fluctuations and the impacts of hedging provide ad-
Accounting Policies” to the Consolidated Financial ditional useful information to investors regarding the
Statements, included elsewhere in this document, for operating performance on a local currency basis.
121
122
2026 OUTLOOK • Lifestyle activities supporting top line contribu-
tion, while continuing to invest for further devel-
opment and to expand the network
2026 guidance, based on the following assumptions: Higher brand investments, as well as racing and
digital transformation expenses
• •
Significant model change-over to shape the year, Increasing D&A in line with start of production of
with positive product mix and personalizations new models
• •
Higher racing revenues mainly from sponsor- Expected negative currency impact, net of hedges
ships Robust Industrial free cash flow generation driv-
en by strong profitability
(€B, unless otherwise stated) 2025 2026
GUIDANCE
NET REVENUES 7.15 ~ 7.50
ADJ. EBITDA 2.77 ≥ 2.93
(margin %) 38.8% ≥ 39.0%
ADJ. OPERATING PROFIT (EBIT) 2.11 ≥ 2.22
(margin %) 29.5% ≥ 29.5%
ADJ. DILUTED EPS (€) 8.96(1) ≥ 9.45(1)
INDUSTRIAL FCF 1.54 ≥ 1.50
(1) Calculated using the weighted average diluted number of common shares at December 31, 2025 (178,321 thousand)
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS present principal business activity is to purchase,
administer and dispose of equity interests in public
and private entities and, in particular, to ensure the
Exor is our largest shareholder through its approx- cohesion and continuity of the administration of its
imately 21.33 percent shareholding interest in our controlling equity interests. The managing direc-
outstanding common shares (as of February 4, tors of G.A., as of February 4, 2026, were Jeroen
2026). As a result of the loyalty voting mecha- Preller, Andrea Agnelli, Luca Ferrero de’ Gubernatis
nism, Exor’s voting power is approximately 32.32 Ventimiglia, Benedetto Della Chiesa, Johannes Casper
percent (as of February 4, 2026). In addition, as of Brouwer, Filippo Scognamiglio Pasini, Alexandre von
February 4, 2026, Trust Piero Ferrari, a Jersey trust Furstenberg and Niccolò Camerana.
established by Mr. Piero Ferrari, holds approxi- On February 26, 2025, Exor carried out an accel-
mately 10.67 percent of our outstanding common erated bookbuild offering of 6,666,667 common
shares. Piero Ferrari holds the usufruct over such shares of Ferrari (representing approximately
shares including the right to exercise the voting 3.7% of the then outstanding common shares of
rights of such shares, corresponding to, as a result Ferrari) to institutional investors. Ferrari partici-
of the loyalty voting mechanism, a voting power of pated in the offering by purchasing No. 666,666
approximately 16.17 percent. The percentages of common shares for a total consideration of Euro
ownership and voting power above are calculated 299,999,700 as part of its seventh tranche of the
based on the number of outstanding shares net of multi-year share buyback program announced
treasury shares. during the 2022 Capital Markets Day. In the con-
Exor and Mr. Piero Ferrari informed us that text of the transaction, Exor entered into a 360-day
they have entered into a shareholder agreement, lock-up commitment with respect to its remaining
subsequently amended to reflect adherence by common shares of Ferrari.
Trust Piero Ferrari, summarized below under “— Provisions 2.7.3, 2.7.4 and 2.7.5 of the Dutch
Shareholders’ Agreement”. Corporate Governance Code prescribe certain
Exor is controlled by Giovanni Agnelli B.V. (“G.A.”), best practices to be observed in transactions with
which holds approximately 56.94 percent of Exor’s related parties; we complied with such provisions in
outstanding ordinary shares and 85.27 percent of connection with related-party transactions as dis-
its voting rights (based on Exor’s latest public capi- closed in Note 28 “Related Party Transactions” to the
tal filings available). G.A. is a Dutch private company Consolidated Financial Statements.
with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met bep-
erkte aansprakelijkheid) with interests represented
by shares, founded by Giovanni Agnelli and currently
held by members of the Agnelli and Nasi families,
descendants of Giovanni Agnelli, founder of Fiat. Its
Based on the information in Ferrari’s shareholder register, regulatory
filings with the AFM and the SEC and other sources available to us, the
following shareholders owned, directly or indirectly, in excess of three
percent of the common shares holding voting rights of Ferrari, as of
February 4, 2026:
Shareholder Number of common Number of special Percentage owned (1) Voting rights (2)
shares voting shares
Exor N.V. (3) 37,768,613 37,768,613 21.33% 32.32%
Trust Piero Ferrari (3) 18,894,295 18,892,160 10.67% 16.17%
BlackRock, Inc. (4) 6,734,854 — 3.80% 3.38%
Other public shareholders 113,676,931 2,268 64.20% 48.13%
(1) The percentages of share capital set out in this table are calculated as the ratio of (i) the aggregate number of outstanding common
shares beneficially owned by the shareholder to (ii) the total number of outstanding common shares (net of treasury shares) of
Ferrari. These percentages may slightly differ from the percentages of share capital included in the public register held by the AFM
of all notifications made pursuant to the disclosure obligations under chapter 5.3 of the Dutch Act on financial supervision (Wet op
het financieel toezicht; the “AFS”), inter alia, because any shares held in treasury by Ferrari are included in the relevant denominators
for purposes of the AFS disclosure obligations.
(2) The percentage of voting rights reported in the table above is calculated as the ratio of (i) the aggregate number of voting rights
beneficially owned by the shareholder to (ii) the total number of outstanding common and special voting shares (net of treasury
shares) of Ferrari.
(3) Each of Exor and Trust Piero Ferrari participate in the loyalty voting program of Ferrari; therefore, as discussed above in this section,
the voting power of Exor and Trust Piero Ferrari in Ferrari is higher than the percentage of common shares beneficially held as
presented in this table.
(4) According to the most recent disclosure filed with the AFM on January 15, 2026, BlackRock, Inc. holds 6,734,854 common shares and
7,910,500 voting rights, which represent 2.62% and 3.07% of the total issued common and special voting shares of Ferrari N.V., respectively.
Based on the information in Ferrari’s shareholder register and other
sources available to us, as of February 4, 2026, approximately 54.31
million Ferrari common shares, or 28.00 percent of the outstanding
Ferrari common shares, were held in the United States. As of the same
date, approximately 1,857 record holders had registered addresses in
the United States.
SHAREHOLDERS’ AGREEMENT does not have any rights or obligations thereunder.
Below is a summary of the principal provisions of the
On December 23, 2015, Exor and Piero Ferrari entered Shareholders’ Agreement based on regulatory filings
into a Shareholders’ Agreement, which became ef- made by Exor, Trust Piero Ferrari and Piero Ferrari.
fective at the completion of the Separation on January
3, 2016 (as amended, the “Original Shareholders’ CONSULTATION
Agreement”) and prior to the admission to listing
and trading of the common shares of Ferrari on For the purposes of forming and exercising, to the
Euronext Milan. On December 16, 2022, Exor, Piero extent possible, a common view on the items on the
Ferrari and the newly established Trust Piero Ferrari agenda of any General Meeting of shareholders of
entered into an adherence and amendment agree- Ferrari, Exor and Piero Ferrari will consult with each
ment (the “Adherence and Amendment Agreement”) other prior to each General Meeting. For the purposes
to the Original Shareholders’ Agreement, whereby of this consultation right and duties, representatives
Trust Piero Ferrari was added as a new party to the of each of Exor and Piero Ferrari shall meet in order
Original Shareholders’ Agreement and certain provi- to discuss in good faith whether they have or can find
sions of the Original Shareholders Agreement were a common view as to the matters on the agenda of
amended. This followed the establishment of Trust the immediately following General Meeting. This con-
Piero Ferrari and the grant to Trust Piero Ferrari of sultation right does not include an obligation to vote
the bare ownership of Ferrari shares as described in any certain way nor does it constitute a veto right
under “—Major Shareholders” above. On January 3, in favor of Piero Ferrari. In addition, the Shareholders
2026, Exor, Piero Ferrari and Trust Piero Ferrari en- Agreement provides that well in advance of the con-
tered into an Amended and Restated Shareholders’ vocation of the board meeting that calls any general
Agreement (the “A&R Shareholders’ Agreement”) meeting of shareholders at which candidates will be
which amends, restates and replaces the Original nominated for (re)appointment to the board of direc-
Shareholders’ Agreement (as so amended and re- tors, Exor and Piero Ferrari shall consult in good faith
stated, the “Shareholders’ Agreement”). Ferrari is with each other in relation to profiles of the candi-
not a party to the Shareholders’ Agreement and dates for the competent corporate bodies.
123
124
In the event of any consolidation of the usufruct and If the transferring party does not accept the offer,
bare ownership of the shares held through Trust it may proceed to transfer the relevant common
Pietro Ferrari, or any transfer of the usufruct to a per- shares to a third party, subject to certain timing and
mitted transferee, the parties shall use their best ef- pricing restrictions. In particular, the transfer to
forts to preserve such consultation rights; provided, third parties may be completed only at a price per
however, that unless an exemption from the Dutch share higher than the price offered by the non-trans-
mandatory offer requirements is available, such con- ferring party, except in case the transferring party
sultation rights may be suspended in accordance wishes to sell the shares by way of a book-build of-
with the terms of the Shareholders’ Agreement. fering, in which case such book-build offering shall
be launched in the relevant time period only if the
FSA MANDATORY OFFER RULES – ACTING IN volume-weighted average price of the shares on
CONCERT Euronext Milan during the five trading days prior to
launch is not lower than 110% of the price per share
The parties to the Shareholders’ Agreement ac- offered by the non-transferring party.
knowledge and agree that the Dutch public offer The Shareholders Agreement’ further provides
rules, as laid down in the AFS are applicable to that the Ferrari Family’s right of first offer is sub-
Ferrari and its shareholders and that, as Exor in- ject to a limitation pursuant to which the Ferrari
dividually, and Exor and Piero Ferrari combined, Family may not acquire common shares to the
had a voting interest of more than 30% prior to extent such acquisition would result in the Ferrari
the date that listing and trading of Ferrari’s com- Family holding a voting interest exceeding 30%, and,
mon shares commenced on Euronext Milan and if necessary, the offer may be for less than all of
have continuously had a voting interest of more the common shares proposed to be transferred so
than 30% thereafter, Exor individually, and Exor that such threshold is not exceeded. Any common
and Piero Ferrari combined, are deemed to have a shares acquired by the Ferrari Family pursuant to
controlling influence over Ferrari within the mean- such right of first offer would be held through Trust
ing of Dutch law. Accordingly, Exor individually and Pietro Ferrari as bare owner, with Piero Ferrari
Exor and Piero Ferrari combined, as well as any ul- retaining the usufruct, including the associated vot-
timate controlling persons of either of them, bene- ing and economic rights.
fit from an exemption from the Dutch mandatory
offer requirements. SPECIAL VOTING SHARES
RIGHTS OF FIRST OFFER Except for transfers to permitted transferees, the
transfer of any common shares of Ferrari to a third
The Shareholders’ Agreement provides for recipro- party will result in the transfer of a corresponding
cal rights of first offer in connection with transfers number of special voting shares, in each case in accor-
of common shares by Exor, on the one hand, and by dance with the terms and conditions governing the
Piero Ferrari and Trust Pietro Ferrari (together, the special voting shares. The Shareholders’ Agreement
“Ferrari Family”), on the other hand. does not permit the transfer of special voting shares
In the event that either Exor or the Ferrari Family independently of the related common shares.
intends to transfer (in whole or in part) its common
shares in Ferrari to a third party, whether such trans- PERMITTED TRANSFERS
fer is solicited or unsolicited, the proposed trans-
fer is subject to a right of first offer in favor of the The rights of first offer described above do not ap-
other party. In such circumstances, the proposed ply in the case of transfers of common shares to a
transferring party is required to deliver prior writ- permitted transferee. Permitted transferees in-
ten notice to the non-transferring party specifying, clude, among others, affiliates, successors and, with
among other things, the number of common shares respect to Piero Ferrari, Trust Pietro Ferrari. Except
proposed to be transferred. as provided for in the Shareholders’ Agreement and
Following receipt of such notice, the non-trans- for the duration of the Shareholders’ Agreement, the
ferring party has the right, within 30 business days, bare ownership and the usufruct of the common
to make a binding, unconditional and irrevocable all- shares held through Trust Pietro Ferrari may not be
cash offer for the purchase of all (and not less than transferred separately. Any permitted transferee is
all) of the common shares proposed to be trans- required to adhere to the Shareholders’ Agreement
ferred, on the terms set forth in the Shareholders’ and assume the rights and obligations of the trans-
Agreement. If the non-transferring party does not ferring party thereunder.
submit an offer within the applicable period, the
transferring party is free to proceed with the pro- TERM AND TERMINATION
posed transfer within four months. If the right of first
offer is exercised and the offer is accepted, the par- As amended and restated, the Shareholders
ties are required to consummate the transfer within Agreement will remain in full force and effect for an
five business days following acceptance of the offer, initial term of three years and will be automatically
subject to any required regulatory approvals. renewed for another three-year period unless ter-
minated by either party upon written notice given at In this Annual Report, the Company addresses
least six months prior to the end of the initial term. its overall corporate governance structure. The
The Shareholders’ Agreement will terminate ear- Company discloses, and intends to disclose, any ma-
lier and cease to have any effect upon the transfer of terial departure from the best practice provisions
all of the common shares held by either Exor or the of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code in this and
Ferrari Family to a third party other than a permitted in its future annual reports.
transferee, or upon the occurrence of certain other For further information about culture see “—
events specified in the Shareholders’ Agreement. Creating Value for Our Shareholders”.
Mr. Piero Ferrari has the right to terminate the
Shareholders’ Agreement by providing 30 business BOARD OF DIRECTORS
days’ prior notice to Exor at his sole discretion.
Pursuant to the Company’s articles of association
GOVERNING LAW AND CHOICE OF COURTS (the “Articles of Association”), its board of directors
(the “Board of Directors” or the “Board”) consists of
The Shareholders’ Agreement is governed by and three or more directors (the “Directors”). The cur-
must be interpreted according to the laws of the rent Board of Directors was appointed at the annu-
Netherlands. Any disputes arising out of or in connec- al general meeting of shareholders held on April 16,
tion with the Shareholders’ Agreement are subject 2025. Its term of office will expire on the day of the
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent court next Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, which
in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, without prejudice to is currently expected to be on April 15, 2026. Each
the right of appeal and appeal to the Supreme Court. Director may be reappointed at any subsequent an-
nual general meeting of shareholders.
The Board of Directors as a whole is responsi-
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ble for the strategy of the Company. The Board of
Directors is composed of two executive Directors
(i.e., Mr. John Elkann, Executive Chairman, and Mr.
INTRODUCTION Benedetto Vigna, Chief Executive Officer) and ten
non-executive Directors. Pursuant to Article 17 of the
Ferrari N.V. is a public limited liability company, in- Articles of Association, the general authority to rep-
corporated under the laws of the Netherlands. The resent the Company shall be vested in the Board of
Company is the holding company of the Ferrari Directors and the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief
Group following the separation of the Ferrari busi- Executive Officer has day-to-day responsibility for
ness from FCA, now Stellantis. In this section, the the management of the Company and the Group.
“Company” refers to Ferrari N.V. The Company qual- The Board of Directors appointed the following
ifies as a foreign private issuer under the NYSE list- internal committees: (i) an Audit Committee, (ii) an
ing standards and its common shares are listed on ESG Committee, and (iii) a Compensation Committee.
the NYSE and on Euronext Milan. On certain key operational matters, the executive
In accordance with the NYSE rules, the Company Directors are supported by the Ferrari Leadership
is permitted to follow its home country practice Team (hereinafter also the “FLT”), which is respon-
with regard to certain corporate governance stan- sible for reviewing the operating performance of
dards. Therefore, the Company has adopted, except the businesses, collaborating on certain operational
as discussed below under “Compliance with Dutch matters, supporting the executive Directors with
Corporate Governance Code”, the best practice pro- their tasks and executing decisions of the Board of
visions of the updated Dutch corporate governance Directors and the day-to-day management of the
code issued by the Corporate Governance Code Company, primarily to the extent it relates to the
Monitoring Committee, which entered into force on operational management.
January 1, 2018 (the “Dutch Corporate Governance
Code”) and is applicable retroactively as from finan-
cial year 2017. The Dutch Corporate Governance
Code contains principles and best practice provi-
sions that regulate relations inter alia between the
board of directors of a company and its committees
and the relationship with the general meeting of
shareholders. On December 20, 2022, the Corporate
Governance Code Monitoring Committee published
an update to the Dutch Corporate Governance
Code. The updated Dutch Corporate Governance
Code has entered into force on January 1, 2024 and
was applicable retroactively as from financial year
2023. The Corporate Governance Code was further
updated in March 2025 and entered into force as
from financial year 2025.
125
126
Set forth below is the name, year of birth and position of each of the
persons currently serving as Directors of Ferrari N.V. Unless otherwise
indicated, the business address of each person listed below will be c/o
Ferrari, Via Abetone Inferiore n. 4, I-41053 Maranello (MO), Italy.
Name Year of Birth Position
John Elkann 1976 Executive Chairman and Executive Director
Benedetto Vigna 1969 Chief Executive Officer
Piero Ferrari (1) 1945 Vice Chairman and Non-Executive Director
Sergio Duca (1) (2) 1947 Senior Non-Executive Director
Delphine Arnault (1) 1975 Non-Executive Director
Francesca Bellettini 1970 Non-Executive Director
Eddy Cue (1) 1964 Non-Executive Director
John Galantic 1961 Non-Executive Director
Tommaso Ghidini 1974 Non-Executive Director
Maria Patrizia Grieco (1) 1952 Non-Executive Director
Adam Keswick (1) 1973 Non-Executive Director
Mike Volpi 1966 Non-Executive Director
(1) Reappointed in view of each Board member’s contributions to the Board of Directors in the past nine years and because each Non-
Executive Director’s background, specific skills and experience continues to be valuable to the Company on the basis of each Board
member’s biography (shown herein below) and the relevant skills that they could bring to the Company (set out in the table herein below).
(2) The Board of Directors has resolved to appoint Sergio Duca as chairman of the Board, as referred to in the Dutch Civil Code (the
“DCC”), who will in such capacity have the title Chair (Voorzitter).
Ten Directors currently qualify as independent
(representing a majority) for purposes of NYSE Delphine Arnault: Non-Executive Director;
rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Securities Exchange Francesca Bellettini: Non-Executive Director;
Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) and Eddy Cue: Non-Executive Director;
nine Directors qualify as independent (represent- Sergio Duca: Senior Non-Executive Director;
ing a majority) for purposes of the Dutch Corporate John Galantic: Non-Executive Director;
Governance Code. In percentage terms, the share Tommaso Ghidini: Non-Executive Director;
of independent members of the non-executive Maria Patrizia Grieco: Non-Executive Director;
Board members according to the NYSE rules is Adam Keswick: Non-Executive Director, and
100% (ten out of ten) whereas according to the Mike Volpi: Non-Executive Director.
Dutch Corporate Governance Code the percentage
is 90% (nine out of ten). In addition, Piero Ferrari is considered independent
Please see “—Diversity Policy” below for a chart within the meaning of the NYSE rules.
representing the Board’s gender and age as of Directors are expected to prepare themselves
December 31, 2025. for and to attend all Board of Directors meetings,
According to the applicable laws and the the annual general meeting of shareholders and the
Regulation of the Board, no works council or similar meetings of the committees on which they serve,
employee participation bodies are required to be with the understanding that, on occasion, a Director
established at the Company. may be unable to attend a meeting.
The Board of Directors has resolved to grant the In 2025, there were five meetings of the Board
following titles: of Directors. The attendance rate at these meetings
was 98.33 percent.
John Elkann: Chairman of the Company; Summary biographies for the current Directors
Benedetto Vigna: Chief Executive Officer; of Ferrari are included below:
Piero Ferrari: Vice-Chairman and Non-Executive
Director, and JOHN ELKANN
Sergio Duca: Chair of the Board (Voorzitter) and [Chairman of the Company
Senior Non-Executive Director. and Executive Director]
The following members are independent within the Mr. John Elkann is Chief Executive Officer of Exor
meaning of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code and Chairman of Stellantis N.V.. Elkann earned a
and NYSE rules: scientific baccalauréat from Lycée Victor Duruy in
Paris and an engineering degree from Politecnico Mr. Piero Ferrari covered a variety of management
di Torino. He began his career in 2001 at General positions in the motor sport division of Ferrari from
Electric, gaining international experience in Asia, 1970 to 1988 with increasing responsibilities. His first
Europe, and North America. As Ferrari’s Chairman position with Ferrari dates back to 1965 working on
(since 2018) he has been bolstering the company’s the production of the Dino 206 Competizione racing
leadership in innovation, luxury and sport competi- car. Mr. Piero Ferrari received an honorary degree
tions while preserving its iconic legacy. Elkann joined in Aerospace Engineering from the University of
Fiat Group in 2003 and contributed to its growth and Naples Federico II in 2004 and an Honorary Degree
the eventual creation of Stellantis in 2021, one of the in Mechanical Engineering from the University of
world’s largest automotive groups. In 2009 Elkann Modena and Reggio Emilia in 2005. In 2004, Mr. Piero
established Exor, which is today the largest share- Ferrari was awarded the title of Cavaliere del Lavoro.
holder of companies such as CNH and Philips, in Born in 1945, Italian citizenship.
addition to Ferrari and Stellantis. In 2023, he found-
ed Lingotto, a long-term investment management SERGIO DUCA
company. Elkann is a board member of Meta, and a [Chairman of the Board of Directors and
trustee of MoMA. He chairs the Agnelli Foundation, Senior Non-Executive Director]
a philanthropy focused on education. He is also a
member of JP Morgan International Council and of Mr. Sergio Duca is a member of the Statutory Auditors
Allianz International Advisory Board. of Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane S.p.A. since 2022. He
Born in 1976, Italian citizenship. also serves as Chairman of the board of auditors of
ISPI (Institute for the Study of International Politics), as
BENEDETTO VIGNA well as a member of the board of auditors of the Intesa
(Chief Executive Officer San Paolo Foundation Onlus. Mr. Duca has previously
and Executive Director) served as director of Tofaş Türk Otomobil Fabrikasi
Anonim Şirketi from 2018 until April 2024, indepen-
Mr. Benedetto Vigna is Chief Executive Officer since dent director of OSAI Automation System S.p.A. from
September 2021. Before joining Ferrari, he was November 2020 until October 2024, member of the
President of STMicroelectronics’, Analog, MEMS and board of Nedcommunity association from May 2019
Sensors Group, since January 2016 and also a mem- until May 2022, member of the Statutory Auditors of
ber of ST’s Executive Committee from May 31, 2018. BasicNet S.p.A. from 2017 until March 2022, Chairman
Vigna joined ST in 1995 and founded ST’s MEMS ac- of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Enel S.p.A. from
tivities (Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems). Under April 2010 until May 2019, Chairman of the Board of
his guidance, ST’s MEMS sensors established ST’s Directors of Orizzonte SGR S.p.A. from 2008 until
leadership with large OEMs in motion-activated user 2016, Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of
interfaces. His responsibilities were expanded to Exor S.p.A. until May 2015, Chairman of the Board of
include connectivity, imaging and power solutions Statutory Auditors and effective auditor of GTech un-
and he piloted a series of successful moves into til April 2015, member of the Board of ASTM S.p.A. and
new business areas, with a particular focus on the Chairman of the Audit Committee of ASTM S.p.A. from
industrial and automotive market segments. During 2010 until 2013, Chairman of the Board of Statutory
his career Vigna has filed more than 200 patents on Auditors of Tosetti Value SIM and an independent di-
micromachining, authored numerous publications rector of Sella Gestione SGR until April 2010. From
and has sat on the boards of several EU-funded pro- 1997 until July 2007, Mr. Duca was the Chairman
grams including startups as well as worldwide rec- of PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. In addition,
ognized boards of Asian and American research he has previously served as Chairman of the board of
centers. Benedetto Vigna graduated in Subnuclear auditors of the Fondazione per la Scuola of Compagnia
Physics from the University of Pisa. di San Paolo until February 2022, Chairman of
Born in 1969, Italian citizenship the board of auditors of the Silvio Tronchetti
Provera Foundation, Chairman of the board of au-
PIERO FERRARI ditors of Compagnia di San Paolo until May 2016,
[Vice Chairman and Non-Executive Director] member of the Edison Foundation’s advisory board
and the University Bocconi in Milan’s development
Mr. Piero Ferrari has been Vice Chairman of Ferrari committee, as well as Chairman of the Bocconi’s
S.p.A. since 1988. He also serves as Chairman of Alumni Association’s board of auditors and a mem-
HPE-COXA, is board member and Vice President of ber of the board of auditors of the ANDAF (Italian
Ferretti Group. He was President of Piaggio Aero Association of Chief Financial Officers). As a certified
Industries S.p.A. from 1998 to 2014 and served as chartered accountant and auditor, he acquired broad
Chairman of the Italian Motor Sport Commission experience through the PricewaterhouseCoopers
(CSAI) from 1998 to 2001 and BA SERVICE from network as the external auditor of a number of sig-
2000 to 2015. He was also a board member and Vice nificant Italian listed companies. Mr. Duca graduat-
President of Banca Popolare dell’Emilia Romagna in ed with honors in Economics and Business from
Modena from 2002 to 2011 and from 2011 to 2014 re- University Bocconi in Milan.
spectively. The son of Ferrari’s founder Enzo Ferrari, Born in 1947, Italian citizenship.
127
128
DELPHINE ARNAULT EDDY CUE
[Non-Executive Director] [Non-Executive Director]
Mrs. Delphine Arnault graduated from the EDHEC Mr. Eddy Cue is Apple’s senior vice president of
Business School and the London School of Economics. Services, reporting to CEO Tim Cook. Mr. Cue over-
She began her career at McKinsey & Company, the sees the full range of Apple’s services, including
global management consultancy firm, where she Apple Music, Apple News, Apple Podcasts, the Apple
was a Consultant for two years. In 2001, she joined TV app, and Apple TV+, as well as Apple Pay, Apple
the Executive Committee of Christian Dior Couture Card, Maps, Search Ads, Apple’s iCloud services, and
where she directed several product lines. She was Apple’s productivity and creativity apps. Mr. Cue’s
appointed Deputy General Manager of Christian team has an excellent track record of building and
Dior Couture in 2008 and in September 2013 Deputy strengthening world-class services that meet and
General Manager of Louis Vuitton Malletier. She has exceed the high expectations of Apple’s customers,
been a board director of LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis and offer creators and storytellers the opportuni-
Vuitton SE since 2003. Delphine was appointed to ty to bring their creative visions to people around
the board of Château Cheval Blanc, the Saint-Emilion the world. Mr. Cue joined Apple in 1989 and leads a
premier grand cru classé in 2008. In 2002 she joined large organization of amazing people. Mr. Cue was
the board of Loewe, the celebrated Spanish leath- instrumental in creating the Apple online store in
er goods company, and was appointed to Pucci’s 1998, the iTunes Store in 2003, and the App Store in
board of directors in 2007. She was appointed to the 2008. He also played a key role in developing Apple’s
boards of Céline in December 2011 and Christian award-winning iLife suite of applications. In his ear-
Dior SE in April 2012. Delphine Arnault previously ly years at Apple, he was a successful manager of
served as a director of both Havas and 21st Century software engineering and customer support teams.
Fox from 2013 to 2019. In 2021, she has been ap- Mr. Cue earned a bachelor’s degree in Computer
pointed to the Board of Gagosian and Phoebe Philo Science and Economics from Duke University. He
Limited. Since February 2023, Mrs. Delphine Arnault serves on the Board of Trustees of both the Paley
is the President and CEO of Christian Dior Couture. Center for Media and Duke University.
Born in 1975, French citizenship. Born in 1964, American citizenship.
FRANCESCA BELLETTINI JOHN GALANTIC
[Non-Executive Director] [Non-Executive Director]
Since September 2025, Francesca Bellettini is John Galantic is the Chief Executive Officer of the
President and Chief Executive Officer of Gucci, part Tod’s Group. He earned a BA from Tufts University
of the Kering Group, and since 2013 she has been a and an MBA from Harvard Business School. After
member of the Kering Group Executive Committee. starting his career at Procter & Gamble in Italy, he
Ms. Bellettini joined the Kering Group in 2003, hold- held general management roles in Italy, the UK, and
ing different executive roles. From 2023 to 2025, she the USA at Glaxo SmithKline in Marketing and at Coty
was Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Kering as President of Coty Americas, before joining Chanel
Group, and from 2013 to 2024 she was President in 2006. He was the Chief Operating Officer of Chanel
and Chief Executive Officer of Yves Saint Laurent. In Inc. until 2023 and joined the Board of Directors of
2008, she joined Bottega Veneta, Italy, as Worldwide Chanel Ltd. in 2018. He is also a member of the Board
Merchandising Director and from 2010 she be- of Directors of Bacardi Ltd.. In 2023, he became an
came Worldwide Merchandising-Communication Operating Partner at Advent International and was
Director based in Switzerland. From 2003 until appointed CEO of Tod’s S.p.A. in September 2024.
2008, she worked at Gucci, Italy first as Assistant Born in 1961, American and Swiss citizenship.
to the President and Managing Director and, from
2005, as Strategic Planning Director and Associate TOMMASO GHIDINI
Worldwide Merchandising Director. From 1999 until [Non-Executive Director]
2002, Ms. Bellettini worked in the Prada Group, Italy,
first in the Planning and New Business Development Tommaso Ghidini has been the Head of the
Division of Prada and, in 2002, as Operations Mechanical Department at the European Space
Manager of Helmut Lang. Previously, she worked in Agency (ESA) since January 2023. He leads engineers,
Compass Partners International, UK from 1998 to managers, and scientists, providing core expertise
1999, in Deutsche Morgan Grenfell, UK from 1996 to in critical engineering disciplines for all current ESA
1998 and in Goldman Sachs International, UK from space missions and technology development pro-
1994 to 1996. While graduating, she had an intern- grams. His work also has direct applications in non-
ship in Citibank, Italy in 1994. Ms. Bellettini graduated space industrial sectors, including automotive and
in Business Administration with a focus on Finance motorsport, aviation, mobility, and defense. Before
from Bocconi University, Italy. joining ESA, he worked at Airbus, contributing to
Born in 1970, Italian citizenship. major European aerospace programs, including the
A380, A350, and A400M civil and military aircraft,
and at the German Aerospace Centre (DLR), focusing & Compliance” Task Force of the B20 Italy, which
on structural mechanics, advanced materials, and provided pragmatic solutions that embraced the
manufacturing technologies. He holds a mechanical renewed concepts of integrity and compliance, to
engineering master’s degree from the University of create a better future through inclusion and positive
Parma, Italy, and a Ph.D. in Engineering Mechanics impact. She was also a member of the G20 Business
from the University of Paderborn, Germany, con- Advisory Board for the Italian Presidency, led by The
ducted at the Institute of Materials Research of DLR. European House - Ambrosetti. The Board supported
His expertise spans high-performance engineering, the Italian Prime Minister providing contributions to
strategic technology development, and cross-indus- the G20 agenda.
try innovation. In addition to his institutional role, he Born in 1952, Italian citizenship.
is an Adjunct Professor at Politecnico di Milano and
serves as a Board Member of the same university. He ADAM KESWICK
also sits on the Advisory Boards of leading interna- [Non-Executive Director]
tional research centers and industrial institutions in
Europe and the U.S., driving advancements in aero- Mr. Adam Keswick joined the Jardine Matheson
space, transportation, and energy technologies. A Board in 2007 and was Deputy Managing Director
multi-award-winning author and a licensed pilot of of Jardine Matheson from 2012 to 2016. He was
both airplanes and gliders, Dr. Ghidini was appointed appointed chairman of Matheson & Co. in August
in 2023 as an Officer of the Selected Reserve of the 2016. He has held a number of executive positions
Italian Air Force with the rank of Lieutenant Colonel since joining the Jardine Matheson Group from N M
in the Aeronautical Engineering Corps, where he ac- Rothschild & Sons in 2001, including group strategy
tively contributes to the advancement of disruptive director and, thereafter, group managing director
aerospace technologies and global competitiveness. of Jardine Cycle & Carriage between 2003 and 2007.
Born in 1974, Italian citizenship. Mr Keswick is a director of Hongkong Land and
Mandarin Oriental. He is also a director of Ferrari N.V.
MARIA PATRIZIA GRIECO and of Yabuli China Entrepreneurs Forum. He was a
[Non-Executive Director] director of DFI Retail Group until July 2024, director
of Schindler until March 2024 and vice chairman
Maria Patrizia Grieco has been the Chairperson of of the supervisory board of Rothschild & Co until
the Board of Directors of Anima Holding since March November 2023. Mr. Keswick attended Eton College
2023. She has been also Honorary Chairperson and and Edinburgh University where he received his
member of the Executive Board of Assonime (the as- Master of Arts degree in 1995.
sociation of the Italian joint stock companies) since Born in 1973, British citizenship.
October 2025. From June 2021 to October 2025 she
was Chairperson of Assonime. From May 2020 to MIKE VOLPI
March 2023 she was the Chairperson of the Board [Non-Executive Director]
of Directors of Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena and
from May 2014 to May 2020 she was the Chairperson Mr. Mike Volpi is a General Partner at Index Ventures.
of the Board of Directors of Enel, the Italian company Mike joined Index in 2009 to establish the firm’s North
world leader in the utilities sector. Having graduat- American activities. Mike invests primarily in enter-
ed in Law from the University of Milan, she started prise software and artificial intelligence. He is cur-
her career in 1977 at Italtel, where in 1994 she be- rently serving on the boards of Aurora, Confluent,
came chief of the Legal and General Affairs direc- Clickhouse, Scale, Sonos, and Wealthfront, among
torate. In 1999, she was appointed General Manager others. Mike was previously a director of Ericsson
with the task of reorganizing and repositioning the and Fiat Chrysler Automotive. Prior to Index, Mike was
company, and in 2002 she became Chief Executive Chief Strategy Officer and SVP/GM of Cisco’s rout-
Officer. Subsequently, she held the positions of Chief ing business, where he managed a P&L in excess of
Executive Officer of Siemens Informatica, Partner $10 billion in revenues. His team was responsible for
of Value Partners and Chief Executive Officer of the acquisition of over 70 companies, some of which
the Group Value Team (today NTT Data). From 2008 were multi-billion deals. Mike has a B.S. in Mechanical
to 2013 she was Chief Executive Officer of Olivetti, Engineering and an M.S. in Manufacturing Systems
where she also held the role of Chairperson from Engineering from Stanford, and an M.B.A. from the
2011. She has been a member of the Board of Stanford Graduate School of Business. He currently
Directors of Fiat Industrial, CIR and Endesa S.A. serves on the Global Advisory Board of Stanford’s
and currently serves on the Board of Ferrari and Knight Hennessy Scholars program.
Amplifon. Mrs. Grieco is also a member of the Board Born in 1966, American citizenship.
of Directors of Bocconi University. Maria Patrizia
Grieco was Chairperson of the Italian Corporate
Governance Committee from 2017 to 2021. During
her mandate, the new Corporate Governance Code
for Italian listed companies was issued. In the frame-
work of the G20 Italy, she was Chair of the “Integrity
129
130
As of December 31, 2025, the members of the Board of Directors had,
among other skills, the skills shown in the table below:
Skill Area Corporate Financial Corporate Digital and Innovation ESG Automotive Luxury
governance and management cybersecurity and goods
and risk accounting motorsport industry
management industry knowledge
knowledge
John Elkann
(Executive Chairman
and Executive
Benedetto Vigna
(Chief Executive
Officer)
Piero Ferrari
(Vice Chairman
and non-Executive
Sergio Duca
(Senior Non-Executive
Delphine Arnault
Francesca Bellet-
tini (Non-Executive
Eddy Cue
John Galantic
Tommaso Ghidini
(Non-Executive Di-
rector)
Maria Patrizia Grieco
(Non-Executive Di-
rector)
Adam Keswick
Mike Volpi
All Board Members have knowledge and expertise on business ethics,
corporate governance and regulatory affairs. Moreover, more than half
of Board Members have developed experience in social engagements
and environmental issues. With these skills they oversee sustainability
matters and manage impacts, risks and opportunities.
As of December 31, 2025, the Board of Directors and its committees
were composed of twelve Directors as shown in the table below:
Directors Nationality Executive Non Independent Committees Directors Directors Roles in
Executive first term current other listed
NYSE Dutch Audit Compensation ESG from (1) term companies
Rules Code from (4)
John IT April 15, April 16, 3
Elkann 2016 (2) 2025
(Executive
Chairman
and
Executive
Benedetto IT September April 16, 0
Vigna 16, 2021 (3) 2025
(Chief
Executive
Officer)
Piero IT January 2, April 16, 1
Ferrari 2016 2025
(Vice
Chairman)
Sergio IT January 2, April 16, 0
Duca 2016 2025
(Chair of
the Board
and Senior
Non-
Executive)
Delphine FR April 15, April 16, 2
Arnault 2016 2025
Francesca IT April 16, April 16, 0
Bellettini 2020 2025
Eddy Cue US January 2, April 16, 0
2016 2025
John US, CH April 16, April 16, 0
Galantic 2020 2025
Tommaso IT April 16, April 16, 0
Ghidini 2025 2025
Maria IT April 15, April 16, 2
Patrizia 2016 2025
Grieco
Adam UK April 15, April 16, 1
Keswick 2016 2025
Mike Volpi US April 14, April 16, 2
2023 2025
(1) References in this table to Directors refer to Ferrari N.V. The Board of Directors is appointed annually on each annual
general meeting of shareholders
(2) Mr. John Elkann is Executive Director from April 12, 2019.
(3) Mr. Benedetto Vigna was confirmed as Chief Executive Officer by the Board of Directors as of April 16, 2025.
(4) Directorships in listed companies other than in the Company.
None of the members of the Board of Directors and FLT have held a
similar position in the public administration (including regulators) in the
past two years.
131
132
BOARD REGULATIONS THE FERRARI SHARES, ARTICLES OF
ASSOCIATION AND TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The current regulations of the Board of Directors OF THE SPECIAL VOTING SHARES
deal with matters that concern the Board of
Directors and its committees internally. Ferrari was incorporated as a public limited lia-
The regulations contain provisions concern- bility company (naamloze vennootschap) under
ing the manner in which meetings of the Board of the laws of the Netherlands on September 4, 2015
Directors are called and held, including the deci- under the name FE New N.V., in contemplation of
sion-making process. The regulations provide that the Merger, and was renamed Ferrari N.V. effec-
meetings may be held by telephone conference or tive as of January 3, 2016, upon effectiveness of
video-conference, provided that all participating the Merger. Its official seat (statutaire zetel) is in
Directors can follow the proceedings and participate Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and its corporate ad-
in real time discussion of the items on the agenda. dress and principal place of business is located at
The Board of Directors can only adopt valid Via Abetone Inferiore n. 4, I-41053 Maranello (MO),
resolutions when the majority of the Directors in Italy. Ferrari is registered with the Dutch Trade
office shall be present at the meeting or be repre- Register of the Chamber of Commerce under num-
sented thereat. ber 64060977. Its telephone number is +39-0536-
A Director may only be represented by another 949111. The Company’s object, set forth in Article
Director authorized in writing. A Director may not act 3.1 of the Articles of Association, is to carry on, either
as a proxy for more than one other Director. directly or through wholly or partially-owned com-
All resolutions shall be adopted by the favorable panies and entities, activities relating in whole or
vote of the majority of the Directors present or rep- in any part to passenger and commercial vehicles,
resented at the meeting, provided that the regula- transport, mechanical engineering, energy, engines,
tions may contain specific provisions in this respect. capital machinery and equipment and related goods
Each Director shall have one vote. and propulsion, as well as any other manufacturing,
The Board of Directors shall be authorized to commercial, financial or service activity.
adopt resolutions without convening a meeting if Since incorporation Ferrari has had, and it
all Directors shall have expressed their opinions in intends to continue to have, its place of effective
writing, unless one or more Directors shall object in management in Italy. It will therefore be a tax res-
writing against the resolution being adopted in this ident of Italy under both Italian tax law and Article
way prior to the adoption of the resolution. 4 of the Convention between the Kingdom of the
Netherlands and the Republic of Italy for the avoid-
MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ance of double taxation with respect to taxes on
ASSOCIATION income and on capital of 1980.
A copy of the Articles of Association of our pre- SHARE CAPITAL
decessor company has been filed as Exhibit 3.1 to
Ferrari N.V.’s Registration Statement on Form F-1 The authorized share capital of Ferrari is seven
filed on July 23, 2015. million five hundred thousand Euro (€7,500,000),
Our Articles of Association are identical in all divided into three hundred seventy five million
material respects to those of our predecessor (375,000,000) Ferrari common shares, nominal val-
company. A copy of our Articles of Association may ue of one Euro cent (€0.01) per share and an equal
be obtained from the Dutch Trade Register of the number of special voting shares, nominal value of
Chamber of Commerce. one Euro cent (€0.01) per share.
The following is a summary of material infor- Following the Capital Markets Day held in 2022,
mation relating to the Ferrari common shares, on July 1, of the same year, Ferrari announced a
including summaries of certain provisions of the multi-year share buyback program of approxi-
Ferrari’s articles of association (the “Ferrari Articles mately Euro 2 billion to be executed by 2026 and
of Association”), the terms and conditions in respect replacing its previous share buyback program
of the Ferrari special voting shares (the “Terms and (the “Prior Program”). The first tranche of the Prior
Conditions”) and the applicable Dutch law provisions Program, of up to Euro 150 million, was launched on
in effect at the date of this annual report. The sum- July 1, 2022 and completed on November 30, 2022.
maries of the Ferrari Articles of Association and The second tranche of the Prior Program, of up to
the Terms and Conditions as set forth in this annual Euro 200 million, was launched on December 2, 2022
report are qualified in their entirety by reference to and completed on June 26, 2023. The third tranche
the full text of the Ferrari Articles of Association, and of the Prior Program, of up to Euro 200 million, was
Terms and Conditions. launched on July 3, 2023 and completed on October
19, 2023. The fourth tranche of the Prior Program, of
up to Euro 350 million, was launched on November
8, 2023 and was completed on June 26, 2024. The
fifth tranche of the Prior Program, of up to Euro 250
million, was launched on July 1, 2024 and was com-
pleted on November 26, 2024. The sixth tranche of ter of shareholders in the name of Cede & Co., as DTC’s
the Prior Program, of up to Euro 150 million, was nominee. Beneficial interests in the Ferrari common
launched on December 6, 2024 and was completed shares traded on the Euronext Milan are held through
on February 20, 2025. The seventh tranche of the Monte Titoli S.p.A., the Italian central clearing and set-
Prior Program was announced on February 26, tlement system, as a participant in DTC.
2025, when Ferrari participated as a purchaser Ferrari currently has no anti-takeover measures
in the accelerated bookbuild offering (“ABO”) of in place.
Ferrari common shares made by Exor, repurchas-
ing 666,666 common shares offered in the ABO DIRECTORS
for a total consideration of Euro 299,999,700. The
eighth tranche of the Prior Program, of up to Euro Set forth below is a summary description of
360 million, was launched on August 22, 2025 and the material provisions of the Ferrari Articles of
was completed on December 12, 2025. Following Association, relating to our Directors. The summary
the Capital Markets Day held on October 9, 2025, does not restate the Ferrari Articles of Association
Ferrari announced a new multi-year share buyback in their entirety.
program of approximately Euro 3.5 billion, expected Ferrari’s Directors serve on the Board of
to be executed by 2030 (the “New Program”). The Directors for a term of approximately one year, such
first tranche of the New Program, of up to Euro 250 term ending on the day that the first annual general
million, started on January 5, 2026 and is expected meeting of the shareholders is held in the following
to end no later than May 15, 2026. calendar year. Ferrari’s shareholders appoint the
As of December 31, 2025, Ferrari’s common Directors of the Board of Directors at a general meeting.
shares held in treasury amounted to 16,644,606. As Each Director may be reappointed at any subsequent
of the same date, the Company held in treasury 9.07 general meeting of shareholders. The general meeting
percent of its total issued share capital including the of shareholders determines whether a Director is an
common shares and the special voting shares. For executive Director or a non-executive Director.
additional information on the abovementioned share The Board of Directors is a one-tier board and
repurchase program, refer to “Other Information— consists of three or more members, comprising
Additional Information—Purchases of Equity both members having responsibility for the day-to-
Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers”. day management of Ferrari (executive Directors)
A delegation of authority to the Board of and members not having such day-to-day respon-
Directors to authorize the issuance of common sibility (non-executive Directors). The tasks of the
shares without pre-emptive rights enabled Ferrari executive and non-executive Directors in a one-tier
to offer and sell newly issued common shares to board such as Ferrari’s Board of Directors may be
investors free of pre-emptive rights for a period of allocated under or pursuant to the Ferrari Articles of
five years from January 2, 2016 up to and including Association, provided that the general meeting has
January 1, 2021. Under Dutch law, such authoriza- stipulated whether each such Director is appointed
tion may not exceed a period of five years, but may as executive or as non-executive Director and fur-
be renewed by a resolution of the general meeting thermore provided that the task to supervise the
of shareholders for subsequent five-year periods performance by the Directors of their duties can
at any time. The authorization was renewed on an only be performed by the non-executive Directors. In
annual basis by the Annual General Meetings in 2020 addition, an executive Director may not be appointed
and subsequent years. Pursuant to the resolution of chairman of the board or delegated the task of estab-
the Annual General Meeting held on April 16, 2025, lishing the remuneration of executive Directors or
the authorization has been further renewed for the nominating Directors for appointment. Tasks that
period starting from April 16, 2025 up to and includ- are not allocated fall within the power of the Board
ing October 15, 2026. of Directors as a whole. Regardless of an allocation
Ferrari common shares are registered shares of tasks, all Directors remain collectively responsible
represented by an entry in the share register of for the proper management and strategy of Ferrari
Ferrari. The Board of Directors may determine that, (including supervision thereof in case of non-exec-
for the purpose of trading and transfer of shares on utive Directors). The Board of Directors may deter-
a foreign stock exchange, such share certificates mine that one or more Directors can lawfully adopt
shall be issued in such form as shall comply with board resolutions concerning matters belonging to
the requirements of such foreign stock exchange. his or their duties.
A register of shareholders is maintained by Ferrari Ferrari has a policy in respect of the remunera-
in the Netherlands and a branch register is main- tion of the members of the Board of Directors. With
tained in the United States on Ferrari’s behalf by the due observation of the remuneration policy, the
Transfer Agent, which serves as branch registrar Board of Directors may determine the remunera-
and transfer agent. tion for the Directors in respect of the performance
Beneficial interests in Ferrari common shares of their duties. The Board of Directors must sub-
that are traded on the NYSE are held through the mit to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders
book-entry system provided by The Depository Trust for its approval plans to award shares or the right
Company (“DTC”) and are registered in Ferrari’s regis- to subscribe for shares. The policy was amended
133
134
as approved by the Annual General Meeting of to issue stock ownership guidelines applicable to
Shareholders held on April 16, 2020 to implement Directors and employees. Pursuant to the resolution
changes necessary pursuant to the implementa- of the Annual General Meeting held on April 17, 2024,
tion of the EU Directive 2017/828 into Dutch law. the remuneration policy of the Board of Directors
The amended remuneration policy, as adopted by has been amended to comply with Dutch legislation,
the 2020 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, which requires remuneration policies to be sub-
builds upon the previous remuneration policy (as mitted for approval every four years. This updated
partially amended and as approved by the Annual remuneration policy builds upon the previous one,
General Meeting of Shareholders held on April 14, with no material changes to the Director’s remuner-
2017) and no material changes were made compared ation.
to the previous remuneration policy. In addition, the Ferrari shall not grant the Directors any personal
amended policy provided for the Board of Directors loans or guarantees.
SHARE OWNERSHIP
The number of shares directly and indirectly owned by members of the
Board of Directors on February 4, 2026 is set forth in the table below.
Name Common Shares % of Common Shares Special Voting Shares % of Special Voting
Outstanding Shares Outstanding
Piero Ferrari (1) 18,894,295 10.67 18,892,160 14.69
John Elkann 34,740 (*) — —
Benedetto Vigna 30,204 (*) — —
Delphine Arnault 2,803 (*) — —
Eddy Cue 2,692 (*) — —
John Galantic 100 (*) — —
Adam Keswick 2,643 (*) — —
Mike Volpi 7,560 (*) — —
(*) Common shares held represent less than 1 percent of our common shares outstanding as of February 4, 2026.
(1) As discussed under “Major Shareholders” in this Annual Report, this refers to 18,894,295 common shares and 18,892,160 special
voting shares over which Mr. Piero Ferrari has usufruct. Trust Piero Ferrari has the bare ownership of such common shares and
special voting shares.
No members of the Ferrari Leadership Team beneficially own 1 percent
or more of the Company’s common shares or special voting shares.
THE AUDIT COMMITTEE remuneration and any non-audit services for the
Company, (xi) the functioning of the Company’s in-
The Audit Committee is responsible, inter alia, for ternal auditors and of the independent registered
assisting and advising the Board of Directors, and public accounting firm, (xii) risk management guide-
acting under authority delegated by the Board of lines and policies, and (xiii) the implementation and
Directors, with respect to: (i) the integrity of the effectiveness of the Company’s ethics and compli-
Company’s financial statements, (ii) the Company’s ance program. Additionally, the Audit Committee
policy on tax planning, (iii) the Company’s financing, invites the Head of Enterprise Cybersecurity and
(iv) the Company’s application of information and the Chief Digital Transformation Officer (CDTO) to
communication technology, (v) the systems of in- report on cybersecurity at a committee meeting at
ternal controls that management and the Board of least once a year.
Directors have established, (vi) the Company’s com- The Audit Committee currently consists of Mr.
pliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (vii) Duca (Chairperson), Ms. Bellettini and Mrs. Grieco,
the Company’s compliance with recommendations each of whom is independent within the meaning of
and observations of internal auditors and indepen- the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Our Board
dent registered public accounting firm, (viii) the of Directors has determined that Mr. Sergio Duca is
Company’s policies and procedures for address- the “audit committee financial expert”. The gender
ing certain actual or perceived conflicts of inter- diversity within the Audit Committee is 66.7%.
est, (ix) the review and approval of related party The Audit Committee is elected by the Board of
transactions, (x) the independent registered pub- Directors and is comprised of at least three non-ex-
lic accounting firm’s qualifications, independence, ecutive Directors. Audit Committee members are
also required (i) not to have any material relationship The Compensation Committee currently consists of
with the Company or to serve as auditors or accoun- Mr. Galantic (Chairperson), Mr. Cue and Mr. Ferrari.
tants for the Company, (ii) to be “independent”, for The Compensation Committee is elected by the Board
purposes of NYSE rules, Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange of Directors and is comprised of at least three non-ex-
Act and the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, ecutive Directors, at most one of whom may not be
and (iii) to be “financially literate” and have “account- independent under Dutch Corporate Governance
ing or selected financial management expertise” (as Code. At the date of this Annual Report, every mem-
determined by the Board of Directors). At least one ber of the Compensation Committee is a non-execu-
member of the Audit Committee shall be a “financial tive Director and the majority of them are indepen-
expert” as defined by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and dent. The gender diversity within the Compensation
the rules of the SEC and Section 2(3) of the Dutch Committee is 0.0%. Unless decided otherwise by
Decree on the Establishment of an audit committee. the Compensation Committee, the Head of Human
No Audit Committee member may serve on more Resources of the Company attends its meetings.
than four audit committees for other public compa- In 2025, the Compensation Committee met twice
nies, absent a waiver from the Board of Directors, with 100 percent attendance of its members at such
which must be disclosed in the Company’s annual meeting. The Compensation Committee reviewed
report. Unless decided otherwise by the Audit the compensation report. Further information on the
Committee, the independent registered pub- activities of the Compensation Committee is included
lic accounting firm of the Company, the Chief in the compensation report. In particular, during
Financial Officer, the Chief Internal Audit, Risk and 2025, the Compensation Committee reviewed and
Compliance Officer, and the Head of Internal Audit approved the 2024 Short Term Incentive, the final
are required to attend its meetings, while the Chief KPIs for the Equity Incentive Plan 2022-2024, the new
Executive Officer is free, but not required, to attend 2025 Company Performance Factor, the new Equity
the meetings of the Audit Committee, unless the Incentive Plan 2025-2027, the 2024 Compensation
Audit Committee determines otherwise, and shall Report and certain Executive Directors’ remunera-
attend the meetings of the Audit Committee if the tion. See “Remuneration of Directors” for additional
Audit Committee so requires. The Audit Committee information.
shall meet with the independent auditor at least
once per year outside the presence of the execu- THE ESG COMMITTEE
tive Directors and management. Furthermore, an
independent third party shall make an assessment As stated in the Charter of the ESG Committee, the
of the performance of the Audit Committee at least ESG Committee is responsible for, among other
every five years. things, assisting and advising the Board of Directors,
In 2025, the Audit Committee met 8 times and the and acting under authority delegated by the Board of
average attendance rate was 95.83 percent. At these Directors, with respect to: (i) drawing up the selection
meetings several matters were discussed, including criteria and appointment procedures for members
the Audit Committee’s role and responsibilities, the of the Board of Directors; (ii) periodic assessment of
Company’s financial control and risk framework, the size and composition of the Board of Directors
risk assessment, internal control over financial and as appropriate making proposals for a composi-
reporting pursuant to the applicable rules, and a tion profile of the Board of Directors; (iii) periodic as-
financial overview of operating results. In particu- sessment of the performance of individual directors
lar, the Audit Committee reviewed Ferrari’s periodic and reporting this to the Board of Directors; (iv) pro-
and yearly financial results and, with the assistance posals to the non-executive members of the Board of
of the Chief Financial Officer and other Company Directors for the nomination and re-nomination of di-
officers, focused on key accounting and reporting rectors to be elected by the shareholders; (v) super-
matters as well as the main business drivers. vision of the policy on the selection and appointment
criteria for senior management and on succession
THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE planning, and (vi) monitoring, evaluation and report-
ing on the strategy, targets, achievements, disclo-
The Compensation Committee is responsible for, sures and reports relating to ESG matters globally of
among other things, assisting and advising the Board the Company and its subsidiaries.
of Directors, and acting under authority delegated The ESG Committee consists of Mr. Elkann
by the Board of Directors, with respect to: (i) deter- (Chairperson), Mrs. Arnault and Mr. Cue. The ESG
mining executive compensation consistent with the Committee is elected by the Board of Directors and is
Company’s remuneration policy, (ii) reviewing and comprised of at least three Directors. At least more than
approving the remuneration structure for the ex- half of the members shall be independent under the
ecutive Directors, (iii) administering equity incentive Dutch Corporate Governance Code, and at most one
plans and deferred compensation benefit plans, (iv) of the members may be an executive Director. At the
discussing with management the Company’s poli- date of this Annual Report, Mr. Elkann is the only execu-
cies and practices related to compensation and is- tive member of the ESG Committee and the majority of
suing recommendations thereon, and (v) preparing ESG Committee members are independent. The gen-
the compensation report. der diversity within the ESG Committee is 33.3%.
135
136
In 2025, the ESG Committee met once with 100 per- terms that are customary in the branch concerned
cent attendance of its members at such meeting. and approved by the Board of Directors. In addition,
The Committee reviewed the Board of Directors’ the Board of Directors as a whole may, on an ad hoc
and Committee’s assessments, the Sustainability basis, resolve that there is such a strong appear-
achievement and objectives, and the recommenda- ance of a Conflict of Interest of an individual Director
tions for Directors’ election. in relation to a specific matter, that it is deemed in
As described above, the charters of the Audit the best interest of a proper decision making pro-
Committee, Compensation Committee and ESG cess that such individual Director be excused from
Committee set forth independence requirements for participation in the decision making process with
their members for purposes of the Dutch Corporate respect to such matter even though such Director
Governance Code. Audit Committee members are may not have an actual Conflict of Interest. In 2025,
also required to qualify as independent for purposes there were no transactions in which there were con-
of NYSE rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. flicts of interest with management board members
or supervisory board members, other than ordinary
INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS course compensation arrangements.
At least annually, each Director shall assess
Under Dutch law, indemnification provisions may in good faith whether (i) he or she is independent
be included in a company’s articles of association. under (A) best practice provision 2.1.8 of the Dutch
Under the Articles of Association, the Company is Corporate Governance Code, (B) the requirements
required to indemnify any and all of its Directors, of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, and (C) Section
officers, former Directors, former officers and 303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, and (ii) he
any person who may have served at its request as or she would have a Conflict of Interest in connec-
a director or officer of another company in which it tion with any transactions between the Company
owns shares or of which it is a creditor, who were and a significant shareholder or related party of the
or are made a party or are threatened to be made a Company, including affiliates of a significant share-
party to or are involved in, any threatened, pending holder (such conflict, a “Related-Party Conflict”), it
or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether being understood that currently Exor would be con-
civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative or investi- sidered a significant shareholder.
gative (each a “Proceeding”), or any appeal in such a The Directors shall inform the Board of Directors
Proceeding or any inquiry or investigation that could through the Senior Non-executive Director or the
lead to such a Proceeding, against any and all liabili- Secretary of the Board of Directors as to all mate-
ties, damages, reasonable and documented expens- rial information regarding any circumstances or
es (including reasonably incurred and substantiat- relationships that may impact their characteriza-
ed attorneys’ fees), financial effects of judgments, tion as “independent”, or impact the assessment of
fines, penalties (including excise and similar taxes their interests, including by responding promptly to
and punitive damages) and amounts paid in settle- the annual D&O questionnaires circulated by or on
ment in connection with such Proceeding by any of behalf of the Secretary that are designed to elicit
them. Such indemnification shall not be deemed ex- relevant information regarding business and other
clusive of any other rights to which those indemni- relationships.
fied may be entitled otherwise. Notwithstanding the Based on each Director’s assessment described
above, no indemnification shall be made in respect above, the Board of Directors shall make a determi-
of any claim, issue or matter as to which any of the nation at least annually regarding such Director’s
abovementioned indemnified persons shall be ad- independence and such Director’s Related-Party
judged to be liable for gross negligence or willful Conflict. These annual determinations shall be con-
misconduct in the performance of such person’s clusive, absent a change in circumstances from
duty to Ferrari. Ferrari has purchased directors’ and those disclosed to the Board of Directors, that neces-
officers’ liability insurance for the members of the sitates a change in such determination.
Board of Directors and certain other officers, sub- Mr. Elkann is Chief Executive Officer of Exor, our
stantially in line with that purchased by similarly situ- and Stellantis’s largest shareholder, and an execu-
ated companies. tive director of Stellantis. Stellantis, Exor and a num-
ber of companies in the Stellantis and Exor groups
CONFLICT OF INTEREST are related parties to Ferrari. See “Risk Factors—We
may have potential conflicts of interest with Stellantis
A Director shall not participate in discussions and and Exor and its related companies” and Note 28
decision making of the Board of Directors with re- “Related Party Transactions” to our Consolidated
spect to a matter in relation to which he or she has a Financial Statements.
direct or indirect personal interest that is in conflict Finally, Mr. Ferrari is the non-executive Chairman
with the interests of the Company and the business of COXA S.p.A., from which Ferrari purchases com-
associated with the Company (“Conflict of Interest”), ponents for Formula 1 racing cars, and of HPE S.r.l.,
which shall be determined outside the presence which provides consultancy engineering services to
of the Director concerned. All transactions, where Ferrari, see Note 28 “Related Party Transactions” to
there is a Conflict of Interest, must be concluded on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
138
LOYALTY VOTING PROGRAM Register such shares will be eligible to be treated as
Qualifying Common Shares, provided they meet the
In connection with the Separation from FCA, Ferrari conditions more fully described under “—Terms and
issued special voting shares with a nominal value Conditions of the Special Voting Shares” below.
of one Euro cent (€0.01) per share, to FCA, Piero Notwithstanding the fact that Article 13 of the
Ferrari and FCA shareholders holding FCA special Ferrari Articles of Association permits the Board of
voting shares prior to the Separation including Exor, Directors of Ferrari to approve transfers of special
in addition to Ferrari common shares. voting shares, the special voting shares cannot be
As of February 4, 2026, Exor held approximately traded and are transferable only in very limited cir-
32.32 percent of the voting power in the Company, cumstances (i.e., to a Loyalty Transferee described
Trust Piero Ferrari, a Jersey trust established by above, or to Ferrari for no consideration (om niet)).
Piero Ferrari, held approximately 16.17 percent of Pursuant to Article 23 of the Ferrari Articles of
the voting power in Ferrari and public sharehold- Association, Ferrari shall maintain a special capital
ers held approximately 51.51 percent of the voting reserve to be credited against the share premium
power in the Company. The percentages of voting exclusively for the purpose of facilitating any issu-
power above are calculated based on the number of ance or cancellation of special voting shares. The
outstanding shares net of treasury shares. For more special voting shares shall be issued and paid up
information on the Separation, see “Overview— against this special capital reserve.
History of the Company”. The special voting shares have immaterial eco-
Subject to meeting certain conditions, our nomic entitlements. Such economic entitlements are
common shares can be registered in our loyalty designed to comply with Dutch law but are immate-
register (the “Loyalty Register”) and all such com- rial for investors. The special voting shares carry the
mon shares may qualify as qualifying common same voting rights as Ferrari common shares.
shares (“Qualifying Common Shares”). The holder Section 10 of the Terms and Conditions include
of Qualifying Common Shares is entitled to receive liquidated damages provisions intended to deter
without consideration one special voting share in any attempt by holders to circumvent the terms of
respect of each such Qualifying Common Share. the special voting shares. Such liquidated damages
Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, and for so provisions may be enforced by Ferrari by means of
long as the Ferrari common shares remain in the a legal action brought by Ferrari before competent
Loyalty Register, such Ferrari common shares shall courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands. In partic-
not be sold, disposed of, transferred, except in very ular, a violation of the provisions of the Terms and
limited circumstances (i.e., transfers to affiliates or Conditions concerning the transfer of special voting
to relatives through succession, donation or other shares, Electing Common Shares (common shares
transfers—defined in the Terms and Conditions as registered in the Loyalty Register for the purpose
“Loyalty Transferee”), but a shareholder may create of becoming Qualifying Common Shares in accor-
or permit to exist any pledge, lien, fixed or floating dance with the Ferrari Articles of Association) and
charge or other encumbrance over such Ferrari Qualifying Common Shares may lead to the imposi-
common shares, provided that the voting rights in tion of liquidated damages. Because we expect the
respect of such Ferrari common shares and any restrictions on transfers of the special voting shares
corresponding special voting shares remain with to be effective in practice we do not expect the liqui-
such shareholder at all times. Ferrari’s sharehold- dated damages provisions to be used.
ers who want to directly or indirectly sell, dispose of, Pursuant to Section 12 of the Terms and
trade or transfer such Ferrari common shares or Conditions, any amendment to the Terms and
otherwise grant any right or interest therein, or cre- Conditions (other than merely technical, non-ma-
ate or permit to exist any pledge, lien, fixed or float- terial amendments and unless such amendment is
ing charge or other encumbrance over such Ferrari required to ensure compliance with applicable law
common shares with a potential transfer of voting or regulations or the listing rules of any securities
rights relating to such encumbrances will need to exchange on which the Ferrari common shares are
submit a de-registration request as referred to in the listed) may only be made with the approval of the gen-
Terms and Conditions, in order to transfer the rele- eral meeting of shareholders of Ferrari.
vant Ferrari common shares to the regular trading At any time, a holder of Qualifying Common
system (the “Regular Trading System”) except that a Shares or Electing Common Shares may request
Ferrari shareholder may transfer Ferrari common the de-registration of such shares from the Loyalty
shares included in the Loyalty Register to a Loyalty Register to enable free trading thereof in the Regular
Transferee (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) Trading System. Upon the de-registration from the
of such Ferrari shareholder without transferring Loyalty Register, such shares will cease to be Electing
such shares from the Loyalty Register to the Regular Common Shares or Qualifying Common Shares as
Trading System. the case may be and will be freely tradable and vot-
Ferrari’s shareholders who seek to qualify to ing rights attached to the corresponding special vot-
receive special voting shares can also request to ing shares will be suspended with immediate effect
have their Ferrari common shares registered in and such special voting shares shall be transferred
the Loyalty Register. Upon registration in the Loyalty to Ferrari for no consideration (om niet).
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SPECIAL reserves of Ferrari. Consequently, the loyalty voting
VOTING SHARES feature will terminate as to the relevant Qualifying
Common Shares being deregistered from the
The Terms and Conditions apply to the issuance, Loyalty Register. No shareholder required to trans-
allocation, acquisition, holding, repurchase and fer special voting shares pursuant to the Terms and
transfer of special voting shares in our share cap- Conditions shall be entitled to any consideration for
ital and to certain aspects of Electing Common such special voting shares and each shareholder ex-
Shares, Qualifying Common Shares and Ferrari pressly waives any rights in that respect as a condi-
common shares, which are or will be registered in tion to participation in the loyalty voting program.
the Loyalty Register.
CHANGE OF CONTROL
APPLICATION FOR SPECIAL VOTING SHARES
A shareholder who is a holder of Qualifying Common
A Ferrari shareholder may at any time elect to par- Shares or Electing Common Shares must promptly
ticipate in the loyalty voting program by requesting notify the Agent and Ferrari upon the occurrence
that Ferrari register all or some of the number of of a “change of control” as defined in the Ferrari
Ferrari common shares held by such Ferrari share- Articles of Association, as described below. The
holder in the Loyalty Register. Such election shall change of control will trigger the de-registration of
be effective and registration in the Loyalty Register the relevant Electing Common Shares or Qualifying
shall occur as of the end of the calendar month Common Shares or the relevant Ferrari common
during which the election is made. If such Ferrari shares in the Loyalty Register. The voting rights at-
common shares (i.e. Electing Common Shares) have tached to the special voting shares issued and allo-
been registered in the Loyalty Register (and are cated in respect of the relevant Qualified Common
thus blocked from trading in the Regular Trading Shares will be suspended upon a direct or indirect
System) for an uninterrupted period of three years change of control in respect of the relevant holder
in the name of the same shareholder, the holder of of such Qualifying Common Shares that are regis-
such Ferrari common shares will be entitled to re- tered in the Loyalty Register.
ceive one Ferrari special voting share for each such For the purposes of this section a “change of con-
Ferrari common share that has been registered. If trol” shall mean, in respect of any Ferrari shareholder
at any moment in time such Ferrari common shares that is not an individual (natuurlijk persoon), any direct
are de-registered from the Loyalty Register for or indirect transfer in one or a series of related trans-
whatever reason, the relevant shareholder loses actions as a result of which (i) a majority of the voting
its entitlement to hold a corresponding number of rights of such shareholder, (ii) the de facto ability to
Ferrari special voting shares. direct the casting of a majority of the votes exercis-
able at general meetings of shareholders of such
WITHDRAWAL OF SPECIAL VOTING SHARES shareholder and/or (iii) the ability to appoint or remove
a majority of the Directors, executive Directors or
As described above, a holder of Qualifying Common board members or executive officers of such share-
Shares or Electing Common Shares may request holder or to direct the casting of a majority or more of
that some or all of its Qualifying Common Shares the voting rights at meetings of the board of Directors,
or Electing Common Shares be de-registered from governing body or executive committee of such
the Loyalty Register and if held outside the Regular shareholder has been transferred to a new owner,
Trading System, transfer such shares back to the provided that no change of control shall be deemed
Regular Trading System, which will allow such share- to have occurred if (a) the transfer of ownership and/
holder to freely trade its Ferrari common shares, or control is an intra-group transfer under the same
as described below. From the moment of such re- parent company, (b) the transfer of ownership and /
quest, the holder of Qualifying Common Shares or control is the result of the succession or the liqui-
shall be considered to have waived his rights to cast dation of assets between spouses or the inheritance,
any votes associated with the Ferrari special vot- inter vivos donation or other transfer to a spouse or
ing shares which were issued and allocated in re- a relative up to and including the fourth degree or
spect of such Qualifying Common Shares. Any such (c) the fair market value of the Qualifying Common
request would automatically trigger a mandatory Shares held by such shareholder represents less
transfer requirement pursuant to which the Ferrari than twenty percent (20 percent) of the total assets of
special voting shares will be offered and transferred the Transferred Group at the time of the transfer and
to Ferrari for no consideration in accordance with the Qualifying Common Shares held by such share-
the Ferrari Articles of Association and the Terms and holder, in the sole judgment of the Company, are not
Conditions. Ferrari may continue to hold the special otherwise material to the Transferred Group or the
voting shares as treasury stock, but will not be en- change of control transaction. “Transferred Group”
titled to vote any such treasury stock. Alternatively, shall mean the relevant shareholder together with its
Ferrari may withdraw and cancel the special vot- affiliates, if any, over which control was transferred as
ing shares, as a result of which the nominal value of part of the same change of control transaction within
such shares will be allocated to the special capital the meaning of the definition of change of control.
139
140
LIABILITY FOR FURTHER CAPITAL CALLS to a stock compensation plan of Ferrari, (ii) against
payment in kind (contribution other than in cash) and
All of the outstanding Ferrari common shares and spe- (iii) to persons exercising a previously granted right
cial voting shares are fully paid and non-assessable. to subscribe for Ferrari common shares.
In the event of an issuance of special voting
ADDITIONAL ISSUANCES AND RIGHTS OF shares, shareholders shall not have any right of
PREFERENCE pre-emption.
The General Meeting may resolve to limit or
exclude the rights of pre-emption upon an issu-
ISSUANCE OF SHARES ance of Ferrari common shares, which resolution
requires approval of at least two-thirds of the votes
The general meeting of shareholders of Ferrari (the cast, if less than half of the issued share capital is
“General Meeting”) has the authority to resolve on represented at the General Meeting. The Ferrari
any issuance of shares, unless such authority has Articles of Association or the General Meeting may
been delegated to the Board of Directors of Ferrari. also designate the Board of Directors to resolve to
In such a resolution, the General Meeting must de- limit or exclude the rights of pre-emption in relation
termine the price and other terms of issuance. The to the issuance of Ferrari common shares. Pursuant
Board of Directors of Ferrari may have the power to to Dutch law, the designation by the General
issue shares if it has been authorized to do so by the Meeting may be granted to the Board of Directors
General Meeting, or pursuant to the Ferrari Articles for a specified period of time of not more than five
of Association. Under Dutch law, such authorization years and only if the Board of Directors has also
may not exceed a period of five years, but may be been designated or is simultaneously designated
renewed by a resolution of the General Meeting for the authority to resolve to issue Ferrari common
subsequent five-year periods at any time. The Board shares. The Board of Directors is designated in the
of Directors has been designated by the Ferrari Ferrari Articles of Association as the competent
Articles of Association as the competent body to body to exclude or limit rights of pre-emption for
issue Ferrari common shares and special voting an initial period of five years from January 2, 2016,
shares up to the maximum aggregate amount of the which may be extended by the General Meeting
Ferrari authorized share capital for an initial period with additional periods up to a maximum of five
of five years from January 2, 2016, which may be ex- years per period. The authorization was renewed
tended by the General Meeting with additional con- on an annual basis by the Annual General Meetings
secutive periods of up to a maximum of five years in 2020 and subsequent years. Pursuant to the res-
each. The authorization was renewed on an annual olution of the Annual General Meeting held on April
basis by the Annual General Meetings in 2020 and 16, 2025, the Board of Directors has been autho-
subsequent years. Pursuant to the resolution of the rized to issue Ferrari common shares and to limit or
Annual General Meeting held on April 16, 2025, the exclude the rights of pre-emption in relation to the
authorization has been further renewed for the pe- issuance of Ferrari common shares for the period
riod starting from April 16, 2025 up to and including starting from April 16, 2025 up to and including
October 15, 2026. October 15, 2026.
Ferrari will not be required to obtain approval
from a General Meeting to issue shares pursuant REPURCHASE OF SHARES
to the exercise of a right to subscribe for shares
that was previously granted pursuant to authority Upon agreement with the relevant Ferrari share-
granted by the shareholders or pursuant to del- holder, Ferrari may acquire its own shares at any
egated authority by the Board of Directors. The time for no consideration (om niet), or subject to cer-
General Meeting shall, for as long as any such des- tain provisions of Dutch law and the Ferrari Articles
ignation of the Board of Directors of Ferrari for this of Association for consideration, if: (i) Ferrari’s
purpose is in force, no longer has authority to decide shareholders’ equity less the payment required to
on the issuance of shares. make the acquisition does not fall below the sum of
called-up and paid-in share capital and any statu-
RIGHTS OF PRE-EMPTION tory reserves, (ii) Ferrari would thereafter not hold
a pledge over Ferrari common shares or together
Under Dutch law and the Ferrari Articles of with subsidiaries hold Ferrari common shares with
Association, each Ferrari shareholder has a right of an aggregate nominal value exceeding 50 percent of
pre-emption in proportion to the aggregate nominal the Ferrari’s issued share capital and (iii) the Board
value of its shareholding upon the issuance of new of Directors has been authorized to do so by the
Ferrari common shares (or the granting of rights to General Meeting.
subscribe for Ferrari common shares). Exceptions to The acquisition of fully paid-up shares by Ferrari
this right of pre-emption include the issuance of new other than for no consideration (om niet) requires
Ferrari common shares (or the granting of rights to authorization by the General Meeting. Such authori-
subscribe for common shares): (i) to employees of zation may be granted for a period not exceeding 18
Ferrari or another member of its group pursuant months and shall specify the number of shares, the
manner in which the shares may be acquired and the at the General Meeting is required. Any proposal for
price range within which shares may be acquired. cancellation or reduction of nominal value is subject
The authorization is not required for the acquisition to general requirements of Dutch law with respect
of shares from employees of Ferrari or another to reduction of share capital.
member of its Group, under a scheme applicable
to such employees and no authorization is required TRANSFER OF SHARES
for repurchase of shares acquired in certain other
limited circumstances in which the acquisition takes In accordance with the provisions of Dutch law,
place by operation of law, such as pursuant to merg- pursuant to Article 12 of the Ferrari Articles of
ers or demergers. Such shares must be officially Association, the transfer or creation of Ferrari
listed on a price list of an exchange. shares or a right in rem thereon requires a deed in-
At a General Meeting, the shareholders may tended for that purpose and save when Ferrari is a
resolve to designate the Board of Directors of party to the transaction, written acknowledgment
Ferrari as the competent body to resolve on Ferrari by Ferrari of the transfer.
acquiring any Ferrari’s fully paid-up Ferrari common The transfer of Ferrari common shares that have
shares other than for no consideration (om niet) for a not been entered into a book-entry system will be
period of up to 18 months. effected in accordance with Article 12 of the Ferrari
Ferrari may, jointly with its subsidiaries, hold Articles of Association.
Ferrari shares in its own capital exceeding one- Common shares that have been entered into
tenth of its issued capital for no more than three the DTC book-entry system will be registered in the
years after acquisition of such Ferrari shares for name of Cede & Co., as nominee for DTC and trans-
no consideration (om niet) or in certain other limited fers of beneficial ownership of shares held through
circumstances in which the acquisition takes place DTC will be effected by electronic transfer made by
by operation of law, such as pursuant to mergers DTC participants. Article 12 of the Ferrari Articles
or demergers. Any Ferrari shares held by Ferrari of Association does not apply to the trading of such
in excess of the amount permitted shall transfer to Ferrari common shares on a regulated market or
all members of the Board of Directors jointly at the the equivalent thereof.
end of the last day of such three-year period. Each Transfers of shares held outside of DTC (includ-
member of the Board of Directors shall be jointly and ing Monte Titoli S.p.A., as a participant in DTC) or
severally liable to compensate Ferrari for the value another direct registration system maintained by
of the Ferrari shares at such time, with interest at Computershare, Ferrari’s transfer agent in New
the statutory rate thereon from such time. The term York (“Transfer Agent”) and not represented by cer-
Ferrari shares in this paragraph shall include depos- tificates are effected by a stock transfer instrument
itary receipts for shares and shares in respect of and require the written acknowledgment by Ferrari.
which Ferrari holds a right of pledge. Transfer of registered certificates is effected by
No votes may be cast at a General Meeting presenting and surrendering the certificates to the
on the Ferrari shares held by Ferrari or its sub- Transfer Agent. A valid transfer requires the regis-
sidiaries. Also, no voting rights may be cast at a tered certificates to be properly endorsed for trans-
General Meeting in respect of Ferrari shares for fer as provided for in the certificates and accompa-
which depositary receipts have been issued that nied by proper instruments of transfer and stock
are owned by Ferrari. Nonetheless, the holders of transfer tax stamps for, or funds to pay, any applica-
a right of usufruct or pledge in respect of shares ble stock transfer taxes.
held by Ferrari and its subsidiaries in Ferrari’s share Ferrari common shares are freely transferable.
capital are not excluded from the right to vote on As described below, special voting shares are gen-
such shares, if the right of usufruct or pledge was erally not transferable.
granted prior to the time such shares were acquired At any time, a holder of Ferrari common shares
by Ferrari or its subsidiaries. Neither Ferrari nor that are registered in the Loyalty Register (i.e.
any of its subsidiaries may cast votes in respect of a Electing Common Shares or Qualifying Common
share on which it or its subsidiaries holds a right of Shares) wishing to transfer such Ferrari common
usufruct or pledge. shares other than in limited specified circum-
stances (i.e., transfers to affiliates or to relatives
REDUCTION OF SHARE CAPITAL through succession, donation or other transfers)
must first request a de-registration of such shares
Shareholders at a General Meeting have the power from the Loyalty Register and if held outside the
to cancel shares acquired by Ferrari or to reduce Regular Trading System, transfer such common
the nominal value of the shares. A resolution to re- shares back into the Regular Trading System. After
duce the share capital requires a majority of at least de-registration from the Loyalty Register, such
two-thirds of the votes cast at the General Meeting, Ferrari common shares no longer qualify as Electing
if less than one-half of the issued capital is present Common Shares or Qualifying Common Shares, as
or represented at the meeting. If more than one-half a result, the holder of such Ferrari common shares
of the issued share capital is present or represent- is required to offer and transfer the special vot-
ed at the meeting, a simple majority of the votes cast ing shares associated with such Ferrari common
141
142
shares that were previously Qualifying Common the annual accounts and in case the signature of
Shares to Ferrari for no consideration (om niet) as any member is missing, the reason for this must be
described in detail in “—Loyalty Voting Program— stated. The annual accounts are to be adopted by
Terms and Conditions of the Special Voting Shares— the General Meeting at the annual general meeting
Withdrawal of Special Voting Shares”. of shareholders, at which meeting the members of
the Board of Directors will be discharged from lia-
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS AND INDEPENDENT bility for performance of their duties with respect
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM to any matter disclosed in the annual accounts for
the relevant financial year insofar this appears from
Ferrari’s financial year is the calendar year. Within the annual accounts. The annual accounts, the an-
four months after the end of each financial year, the nual report and independent registered public ac-
Board of Directors will prepare the annual accounts, counting firm’s reports are made available through
which must be accompanied by an annual report Ferrari’s website to the shareholders for review as
and an auditors’ report and will publish the accounts from the day of the notice convening the annual gen-
and annual report and will make those available for eral meeting of shareholders.
inspection at Ferrari’s corporate address. All mem-
bers of the Board of Directors are required to sign
PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS from any other reserve, provided that payments
from reserves may only be made to the sharehold-
Ferrari may make distributions to the shareholders ers that are entitled to the relevant reserve upon
and other persons entitled to the distributable prof- the dissolution of Ferrari and provided further that
its only to the extent that its shareholders’ equity ex- the policy of Ferrari on additions to reserves and
ceeds the sum of the paid-up and called up portion dividends is duly observed.
of the share capital and the reserves that must be Holders of special voting shares will not
maintained in accordance with Dutch law. No distri- receive any dividend in respect of the special vot-
bution of profits may be made to Ferrari itself for ing shares. However, Ferrari maintains a separate
shares that Ferrari holds in its own share capital. dividend reserve for the special voting shares for
Ferrari may only make a distribution of divi- the sole purpose of the allocation of the mandatory
dends to the shareholders after the adoption of minimal profits that accrue to the special voting
its statutory annual accounts demonstrating that shares. This allocation establishes a reserve for the
such distribution is legally permitted. The Board amount that would otherwise be paid. The special
of Directors may determine that other freely dis- voting shares do not carry any entitlement to any
tributable distributions shall be made, in whole or other reserve. Any distribution out of the special
in part, from Ferrari’s share premium reserve or dividend reserve or the partial or full release of
such reserve requires a prior proposal from the ticipation procedure, issued at least 15 days before
Board of Directors and a subsequent resolution of the meeting or 42 days if shares of Ferrari or de-
the meeting of holders of special voting shares. positary receipts issued with cooperation of Ferrari
Insofar as the profits have not been distributed have been admitted to trading on the Euronext
or allocated to the reserves, they may, by resolution Milan or another regulated market as referred to in
of the General Meeting, be distributed as dividends Article 1:1 of the AFS. All convocations, announce-
on the Ferrari common shares only. The General ments, notifications and communications to share-
Meeting may resolve, on the proposal of the Board of holders and other persons entitled to attend the
Directors, to declare and distribute dividends in U.S. General Meeting must be made on the company’s
Dollars. The Board of Directors may decide, subject corporate website in accordance with the relevant
to the approval of the General Meeting and the Board provisions of Dutch law. The agenda for a General
of Directors having been designated as the body Meeting may contain the items requested by one
competent to pass a resolution for the issuance of or more shareholders representing at least three
shares, that a distribution shall, wholly or partially, percent of the issued share capital of the compa-
be made in the form of shares, or that shareholders ny. Requests must be made in writing, including the
shall be given the option to receive a distribution reasons for adding the relevant item on the agenda,
either in cash or in the form of shares. and received by the Board of Directors at least 60
The right to dividends and distributions will lapse days before the day of the meeting. The agenda of
if the dividends or distributions are not claimed the annual general meeting of shareholders shall
within five years following the day after the date on contain, inter alia, the following items:
which they first became payable. Any dividends or
other distributions made in violation of the Ferrari (a) adoption of the annual report;
Articles of Association or Dutch law will have to be (b) the remuneration report;
repaid by the shareholders who knew or should (c) at least every four years after adoption of the re-
have known, of such violation. muneration policy, the remuneration policy;
(d) the policy of the Company on additions to re-
GENERAL MEETINGS AND VOTING RIGHTS serves and on dividends, if any;
(e) granting of discharge to the Directors in respect
of the performance of their duties in the relevant
ANNUAL MEETING financial year;
(f) the appointment of Directors;
An annual General Meeting must be held within six (g) if applicable, the proposal to pay a dividend;
months from the end of Ferrari’s preceding finan- (h) if applicable, discussion of any substantial
cial year. The purpose of the annual General Meeting change in the corporate governance structure
is to discuss, among other things, the annual re- of the Company, and
port, the adoption of the annual accounts, alloca- (i) any matters decided upon by the person(s) con-
tion of profits (including the proposal to distribute vening the meeting and any matters placed on
dividends), release of members of the Board of the agenda with due observance of applicable
Directors from liability for their management and Dutch law.
supervision, and other proposals brought up for
discussion by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors shall provide the general
meeting of shareholders with all requested infor-
GENERAL MEETING AND PLACE OF MEETINGS mation, unless this would be contrary to an over-
riding interest of the Company. If the Board of
Other General Meetings will be held if requested by Directors invokes an overriding interest, it must
the Board of Directors, the chairman of the Board give reasons.
of Directors, the chairperson or the chief executive
officer, or by the written request (stating the exact ADMISSION AND REGISTRATION
subjects to be discussed) of one or more sharehold-
ers representing in aggregate at least 10 percent of Each shareholder entitled to vote, and each person
the issued share capital of the company (taking into holding a usufruct or pledge to whom the right to
account the relevant provisions of Dutch law, and vote on the Ferrari common shares accrues, shall be
the Ferrari Articles of Association and the applica- authorized to attend the General Meeting, to address
ble stock exchange regulations). General Meetings the General Meeting and to exercise its voting rights.
will be held in Amsterdam or Haarlemmermeer The registration date of each General Meeting is the
(Schiphol Airport), the Netherlands. twenty-eighth day prior to the date of the General
Meeting so as to establish which shareholders are
CONVOCATION NOTICE AND AGENDA entitled to attend and vote at the General Meeting.
Only holders of shares and other persons entitled to
General Meetings can be convened by a notice, vote or attend the General Meeting, at such registra-
specifying the subjects to be discussed, the place tion date are entitled to attend and vote at the General
and the time of the meeting and admission and par- Meeting. The convocation notice for the meeting shall
143
144
state the registration date and the manner in which Voting by acclamation shall be permitted if none of
the persons entitled to attend the General Meeting the shareholders present or represented objects.
may register and exercise their rights. No voting rights shall be exercised in the gen-
Those entitled to attend a General Meeting may eral meeting of shareholders for shares owned by
be represented at a General Meeting by a proxy the Company or by a subsidiary of the Company.
authorized in writing. The requirement that a proxy Pledgees and usufructuaries of shares owned by
must be in written form is also fulfilled when it is the Company and its subsidiaries shall however not
recorded electronically. be excluded from exercising their voting rights, if
Members of the Board of Directors have the the right of pledge or usufruct was created before
right to attend a General Meeting. In these General the shares were owned by the Company or a subsid-
Meetings they have an advisory role. iary. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
may exercise voting rights for shares in respect of
VOTING RIGHTS which it holds a right of pledge or usufruct.
Without prejudice to the Articles of Association, the
Ferrari applies the one-share-one-vote principle, Company shall determine for each resolution passed:
meaning that each Ferrari common share and each
special voting share confers the right on the holder the number of shares on which valid votes have
to cast one vote at a General Meeting. Resolutions been cast;
are passed by a simple majority of the votes cast, un- the percentage that the number of shares as re-
less Dutch law or the Ferrari Articles of Association ferred to under a. represents in the issued share
prescribes a larger majority. Blank votes shall not be capital;
• counted as votes cast. Shares in respect of which the aggregate number of votes validly cast, and
Dutch law determines that no votes may be cast the aggregate number of votes cast in favor of
shall be disregarded for the purposes of determin- and against a resolution, as well as the number
ing the proportion of shareholders voting, present of abstentions.
or represented or the proportion of the share cap-
ital present or represented. Under Dutch law and/ LIMITATIONS ON RIGHTS OF NON-RESIDENT
or the Ferrari Articles of Association, the following OR FOREIGN SHAREHOLDERS
matters require at least two-thirds of the votes cast
at a meeting if less than half of the issued share cap- There are no limitations imposed by Dutch law or by
ital is present or represented: the Ferrari Articles of Association on the rights of
non-resident or foreign shareholders to hold or vote
a resolution to reduce the issued share capital; Ferrari common shares.
a resolution to amend the Ferrari Articles of
Association; SHAREHOLDERS’ VOTES ON CERTAIN
a resolution to restrict or exclude rights of TRANSACTIONS
pre-emption;
a resolution to authorize the Board of Directors Any important change in the identity or character of
to restrict or exclude shareholder rights of Ferrari must be approved by the General Meeting,
pre-emption; including (i) the termination transfer to a third par-
a resolution to enter into a legal merger or a legal ty of the business of Ferrari or practically the entire
demerger; or business of Ferrari; (ii) the entry into or breaking off
a resolution to dissolve Ferrari. of any long-term cooperation of Ferrari or a subsid-
iary with another legal entity or company or as a ful-
Under Dutch law, a resolution to adopt the remuner- ly liable partner of a general partnership or limited
ation policy requires three-fourths of the votes val- partnership, where such entry into or breaking off
idly cast, unless the Ferrari Articles of Association is of far-reaching importance to Ferrari, and (iii) the
include a lower threshold which could be inserted in acquisition or disposal by Ferrari or a subsidiary of
the Ferrari Articles of Association through a resolu- an interest in the capital of a company with a value of
tion of the General Meeting pursuant to a prior pro- at least one-third of Ferrari’s assets according to the
posal of the Board of Directors. Such a resolution consolidated statement of financial position with ex-
to amend the Ferrari Articles of Association must planatory notes included in the last adopted annual
be approved by a vote of a majority of at least two- accounts of Ferrari.
thirds of the votes cast if less than one-half of the is-
sued share capital is present or represented at such AMENDMENTS TO THE FERRARI ARTICLES
General Meeting and a simple majority vote if one- OF ASSOCIATION, INCLUDING VARIATION OF
half or more than one-half of the issued share capital RIGHTS
is present or represented at such General Meeting.
All votes shall be cast in writing or electronically. A resolution of the General Meeting to amend the
The chairman of the meeting may, however, deter- Ferrari Articles of Association or to wind up Ferrari
mine that voting by raising hands or in another man- may be approved only if proposed by the Board of
ner shall be permitted. Directors and must be approved by a vote of a ma-
jority of at least two-thirds of the votes cast if less ble for the mismanagement and that he has not been
than one-half of the issued share capital is present negligent in seeking to prevent the consequences of
or represented at such General Meeting. the mismanagement. In this regard a Director may,
The rights of shareholders may be changed only however, refer to the allocation of tasks between the
by amending the Ferrari Articles of Association in Directors. In certain circumstances, Directors may
compliance with Dutch law. incur additional specific civil and criminal liabilities.
DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND
OFFICERS
The General Meeting may resolve to dissolve Ferrari,
upon a proposal of the Board of Directors. A ma- Under Dutch law, indemnification provisions may be
jority of at least two-thirds of the votes cast shall included in a company’s articles of association. Under
be required if less than one-half of the issued capi- the Ferrari Articles of Association, Ferrari is required
tal is present or represented at the meeting. In the to indemnify its Directors, officers, former Directors,
event of dissolution, Ferrari will be liquidated in ac- former officers and any person who may have served
cordance with Dutch law and the Ferrari Articles of at Ferrari’s request as a Director or officer of anoth-
Association and the liquidation shall be arranged by er company in which Ferrari owns shares or of which
the members of the Board of Directors, unless the Ferrari is a creditor who were or are made a party or
General Meeting appoints other liquidators. During are threatened to be made a party or are involved in,
liquidation, the provisions of the Ferrari Articles of any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, or
Association will remain in force as long as possible. proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, ar-
If Ferrari is dissolved and liquidated, whatever bitrative or investigative (each a “Proceeding”), or any
remains of Ferrari’s equity after all its debts have appeal in such a Proceeding or any inquiry or investi-
been discharged shall first be applied to distribute gation that could lead to such a Proceeding, against
the aggregate balance of share premium reserves any and all liabilities, damages, reasonable and doc-
and other reserves (other than the special dividend umented expenses (including reasonably incurred
reserve), to holders of Ferrari common shares in pro- and substantiated attorney’s fees), financial effects of
portion to the aggregate nominal value of the Ferrari judgments, fines, penalties (including excise and sim-
common shares held by each holder; secondly, from ilar taxes and punitive damages) and amounts paid
any balance remaining, an amount equal to the aggre- in settlement in connection with such Proceeding by
gate amount of the nominal value of the Ferrari com- any of them. Notwithstanding the above, no indemni-
mon shares will be distributed to the holders of Ferrari fication shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or
common shares in proportion to the aggregate nom- matter as to which any of the abovementioned indem-
inal value of Ferrari common shares held by each of nified persons shall be adjudged to be liable for gross
them; thirdly, from any balance remaining, an amount negligence or willful misconduct in the performance
equal to the aggregate amount of the special voting of such person’s duty to Ferrari. This indemnification
shares dividend reserve will be distributed to the hold- by Ferrari is not exclusive of any other rights to which
ers of special voting shares in proportion to the aggre- those indemnified may be entitled otherwise. Ferrari
gate nominal value of the special voting shares held by has purchased directors’ and officers’ liability insur-
each of them; fourthly, from any balance remaining, ance for the members of the Board of Directors and
the aggregate amount of the nominal value of the spe- certain other officers, substantially in line with that
cial voting shares will be distributed to the holders of purchased by similarly situated companies.
special voting shares in proportion to the aggregate
nominal value of the special voting shares held by each DUTCH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
of them, and, lastly, any balance remaining will be dis-
tributed to the holders of Ferrari common shares in The Dutch Corporate Governance Code contains
proportion to the aggregate nominal value of Ferrari principles and best practice provisions that regulate
common shares held by each of them. relations between the board and the shareholders
(including the General Meeting). The Dutch Corporate
LIABILITY OF DIRECTORS Governance Code is divided into five chapters which
address the following topics: (i) sustainable long-
Under Dutch law, the management of a company is term value creation; (ii) effective management and
a joint undertaking and each member of the Board supervision; (iii) remuneration; (iv) the general meet-
of Directors can be held jointly and severally liable to ing, and (v) one-tier governance structure.
Ferrari for damages in the event of improper or neg- Dutch companies whose shares are listed on a
ligent performance of their duties. Further, mem- government-recognized stock exchange, such as
bers of the Board of Directors can be held liable to the NYSE, are required under Dutch law to disclose
third parties based on tort, pursuant to certain pro- in their annual reports whether or not they apply
visions of the DCC. All Directors are jointly and sev- the provisions of the Dutch Corporate Governance
erally liable for failure of one or more co-Directors. Code and, in the event that they do not apply a cer-
An individual Director is only exempted from liability tain provision, to explain the reasons why they have
if he proves that he cannot be held seriously culpa- chosen to deviate.
145
146
Ferrari acknowledges the importance of good cor- Markets (stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten, the
porate governance and supports the best practice “AFM”) of such acquisition or disposal by means of
provisions of the Dutch Corporate Governance a standard form if, as a result of such acquisition or
Code. Therefore, Ferrari intends to comply with disposal, the percentage of capital interest and/or
the relevant best practice provisions of the Dutch voting rights held by such person reaches, exceeds
Corporate Governance Code except as may be not- or falls below the following thresholds: 3 percent, 5
ed from time to time in Ferrari’s annual reports. percent, 10 percent, 15 percent, 20 percent, 25 per-
The Dutch Corporate Governance Code has been cent, 30 percent, 40 percent, 50 percent, 60 percent,
revised in December 2016 and the revised Dutch 75 percent and 95 percent.
Corporate Governance Code entered into force on For the purpose of calculating the percentage of
January 1, 2018, being applicable retroactively as capital interest or voting rights, the following inter-
from the financial year 2017. Consequently, Ferrari ests must, inter alia, be taken into account: (i) shares
has reported in 2018 regarding its application of the and/or voting rights directly held (or acquired or
revised Dutch Corporate Governance Code with disposed of) by any person, (ii) shares and/or vot-
respect to the financial year 2017. On December 20, ing rights held (or, acquired or disposed of) by such
2022, the Corporate Governance Code Monitoring person’s controlled entities or by a third party for
Committee published an update to the Dutch such person’s account, (iii) voting rights held (or
Corporate Governance Code. The updated Dutch acquired or disposed of) by a third party with whom
Corporate Governance Code has entered into force such person has concluded an oral or written voting
on January 1, 2024 and is applicable retroactively as agreement, (iv) voting rights acquired pursuant to
from financial year 2023. The Corporate Governance an agreement providing for a temporary transfer of
Code was further updated in March 2025 and entered voting rights in consideration for a payment, and (v)
into force as from financial year 2025. shares which such person, or any controlled entity
or third party referred to above, may acquire pur-
DISCLOSURE OF HOLDINGS suant to any option or other right to acquire shares.
UNDER DUTCH LAW As a consequence of the above, special voting
shares must be added to Ferrari common shares for
the purposes of the above thresholds.
HOME MEMBER STATE FOR PURPOSES OF THE Controlled entities (within the meaning of the
EU TRANSPARENCY DIRECTIVE AFS) do not themselves have notification obligations
under the AFS as their direct and indirect interests
The Netherlands is Ferrari’s home member state are attributed to their (ultimate) parent. If a person
for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive who has a three percent or larger interest in Ferrari’s
(Directive 2004/109/EC, as amended). Due to the share capital or voting rights ceases to be a con-
listing of the Ferrari common shares on Euronext trolled entity it must immediately notify the AFM and
Milan, we are subject to financial and other re- all notification obligations under the AFS will become
porting obligations under the AFS and the Dutch applicable to such former controlled entity.
Financial Reporting Supervision Act (Wet toezicht Special rules apply to the attribution of shares
financiële verslaggeving), which both implement the and/or voting rights which are part of the property
EU Transparency Directive in the Netherlands. of a partnership or other form of joint ownership.
A holder of a pledge or right of usufruct in respect
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION of shares can also be subject to notification obliga-
tions, if such person has, or can acquire, the right to
Ferrari is required to publish its annual report (con- vote on the shares. The acquisition of (conditional)
sisting of the audited annual accounts and the board voting rights by a pledgee or beneficial owner may
report, including a sustainability statement in accor- also trigger notification obligations as if the pledgee
dance with the Corporate Sustainability Reporting or beneficial owner were the legal holder of the
Directive) within four months after the end of each shares and/or voting rights.
financial year and its half-yearly figures within three Furthermore, when calculating the percentage
months after the end of the first six months of each of capital interest, a person is also considered to be in
financial year. possession of shares if (i) such person holds a finan-
cial instrument the value of which is (in part) deter-
SHAREHOLDER DISCLOSURE AND REPORTING mined by the value of the shares or any distributions
OBLIGATIONS associated therewith and which does not entitle such
person to acquire any shares, (ii) such person may be
As a result of the listing of the Ferrari common obliged to purchase shares on the basis of an option,
shares on the Euronext Milan, chapter 5.3 of the AFS or (iii) such person has concluded another contract
applies, pursuant to which any person who, direct- whereby such person acquires an economic interest
ly or indirectly, acquires or disposes of an actual or comparable to that of holding a share.
potential capital interest and/or actual or potential If a person’s capital interest and/or voting
voting rights in Ferrari must promptly give written rights reaches, exceeds or falls below the above-
notice to the Netherlands Authority for the Financial mentioned thresholds as a result of a change in
Ferrari’s issued and outstanding share capital or Non-compliance with these disclosure obligations is
voting rights, such person is required to make a an economic offense and may lead to criminal pros-
notification not later than on the fourth trading day ecution. The AFM may impose administrative penal-
after the AFM has published Ferrari’s notification as ties for non-compliance, and the publication there-
described below. of. In addition, a civil court can impose measures
Following the implementation of Directive against any person who fails to notify or incorrectly
2013/50/EU into the AFS, every holder of three notifies the AFM of matters required to be notified.
percent more of the issued and outstanding share A claim requiring that such measures be imposed
capital or voting rights whose interest has changed may be instituted by Ferrari and/or by one or more
compared to his most recent notification, and which shareholders who alone or together with others
holder knows or should know that pursuant to this represent at least three percent of the issued and
change his interest reaches or crosses a threshold outstanding share capital of Ferrari or are able to ex-
as a result of certain acts (as described above and ercise at least three percent of the voting rights. The
including the exchange of a financial instrument or a measures that the civil court may impose include:
contract (pursuant to which the holder is deemed to
have issued and outstanding shares or voting rights an order requiring appropriate disclosure;
at his disposal)), must notify the AFM of this change. suspension of the right to exercise the voting
Ferrari is required to notify the AFM promptly rights for a period of up to three years as deter-
of any change of one percent or more in its issued mined by the court;
• and outstanding share capital or voting rights voiding a resolution adopted by the General
since a previous notification. Other changes in Meeting, if the court determines that the reso-
Ferrari’s issued and outstanding share capital or lution would not have been adopted but for the
voting rights must be notified to the AFM within exercise of the voting rights of the person with
eight days after the end of the quarter in which the a duty to disclose, or suspension of a resolution
change occurred. adopted by the general meeting of shareholders
In addition to the above described notification until the court makes a decision about such void-
obligations pertaining to capital interest or voting ing, and
rights, pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 236/2012, as an order to refrain, during a period of up to
amended, notification must be made of any net short five years as determined by the court, from ac-
position of 0.1% in the issued share capital of Ferrari, quiring shares and/or voting rights in Ferrari.
and of every subsequent 0.1% above this threshold. Shareholders are advised to consult with their
Notifications starting at 0.5% and every subsequent own legal advisers to determine whether the
0.1% above this threshold will be made public via the disclosure obligations apply to them.
short selling register of the AFM. Furthermore, gross
short positions shall be notified in the event that a Shareholders are advised to consult with their own
threshold is reached, exceeded or fallen below. With legal advisers to determine whether the disclosure
regard to gross short positions, the same disclosure obligations apply to them.
thresholds as for holders of capital interests and/or
voting rights apply. MANDATORY BID REQUIREMENT
Furthermore, each member of the Board of
Directors must notify the AFM: Under Dutch law any person, acting alone or in
concert with others, who, directly or indirectly,
within two weeks after his/her appointment of acquires 30 percent or more of Ferrari’s voting
the number of shares he/she holds and the num- rights will be obliged to launch a public offer for
ber of votes he/she is entitled to cast in respect all outstanding shares in Ferrari’s share capital. An
of Ferrari’s issued and outstanding share capital, exception is made for shareholders who, wheth-
and er alone or acting in concert with others, had an
subsequently of each change in the number of interest of at least 30 percent of Ferrari’s voting
shares he/she holds and of each change in the rights before the shares were first listed on the
number of votes he/she is entitled to cast in re- Euronext Milan, and who still maintained such an
spect of Ferrari’s issued and outstanding share interest after such first listing. Immediately after
capital, immediately after the relevant change. the first listing of Ferrari common shares on the
Euronext Milan, Exor held more than 30 percent of
The AFM keeps a public register of all notifications Ferrari’s voting rights. Therefore, Exor’s interest in
made pursuant to these disclosure obligations and Ferrari was grandfathered and the exception that
publishes any notification received which can be ac- applies to it will continue to apply to it for as long as
cessed via www.afm.nl. The notifications referred its holding of shares represents over 30 percent of
to in this paragraph should be made in writing by Ferrari’s voting rights.
means of a standard form or electronically through
the notification system of the AFM.
147
148
DUTCH FINANCIAL REPORTING In the event of a voluntary public offer, the offer price
SUPERVISION ACT is considered reasonable if at least 90% of the shares
have been acquired under the public offer.
On the basis of the Dutch Financial Reporting Pursuant to Section 2:359d of the DCC, if the
Supervision Act (Wet toezicht financiële verslaggev- offeror has acquired at least 95% of the issued
ing), or the FRSA, the AFM supervises the application share capital of Ferrari representing at least 95%
of financial reporting standards by, amongst others, of the total voting rights, each remaining minority
companies whose official seat is in the Netherlands shareholder is entitled to demand a squeeze out.
and whose securities are listed on a regulated mar- This procedure must be initiated with the Enterprise
ket within the EU or in a non-EU country on a system Chamber within three months after the end of the
similar to a regulated market. period for tendering Shares in the public offer. With
Pursuant to the FRSA, the AFM has an indepen- regard to the price per share to be paid by the major-
dent right to (i) request an explanation from Ferrari ity Shareholder, the same procedure as for squeeze
regarding its application of the applicable financial out proceedings initiated by the offeror, as set out in
reporting standards and (ii) recommend to us the the previous paragraph, applies.
making available of further explanations. If we do
not comply with such a request or recommendation, DISCLOSURE OF TRADES IN LISTED
the AFM may request that the Enterprise Chamber SECURITIES
order us to (i) make available further explanations as
recommended by the AFM, (ii) provide an explana-
tion of the way we have applied the applicable finan- DISCLOSURE UNDER DUTCH LAW
cial reporting standards to our financial reports or
(iii) prepare our financial reports in accordance with Pursuant to the AFS and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014
the Enterprise Chamber’s instructions. (the “Market Abuse Regulation”), each of the mem-
bers of the Board of Directors and any other per-
COMPULSORY ACQUISITION son discharging managerial responsibilities with-
in Ferrari and who in that capacity is authorized to
Pursuant to Section 2:92a of the DCC, a shareholder make decisions affecting the future developments
who, for its own account, holds at least 95 percent and business prospects of Ferrari and who has reg-
of the issued share capital of Ferrari may institute ular access to inside information relating, directly or
proceedings against the other shareholders jointly indirectly, to Ferrari (each, an “Insider”) must notify
for the transfer of their shares to it. The proceed- the AFM of all transactions, conducted or carried out
ings are held before the Dutch Enterprise Chamber for his/her own account, relating to Ferrari common
and can be instituted by means of a writ of sum- shares, special voting shares or financial instruments,
mons served upon each of the minority sharehold- the value of which is (in part) determined by the value
ers in accordance with the provisions of the Dutch of Ferrari common shares or special voting shares.
Code of Civil Procedure. The Enterprise Chamber In addition, persons who are closely associated
may grant the claim for the squeeze-out in relation with members of the Board of Directors or any of the
to all minority shareholders and will determine the other Insiders must notify the AFM of all transactions
price to be paid for the shares, if necessary after conducted for their own account relating to Ferrari’s
appointment of one or three expert(s) who will offer shares or financial instruments, the value of which is
an opinion to the Enterprise Chamber on the value (in part) determined by the value of Ferrari’s shares.
to be paid for the shares of the minority sharehold- The Market Abuse Regulation designates the follow-
ers. Once the order to transfer becomes final be- ing categories of persons: (i) the spouse or any part-
fore the Enterprise Chamber, the person acquiring ner considered by applicable law as equivalent to the
the shares must give written notice of the date and spouse, (ii) dependent children, (iii) other relatives who
place of payment and the price to the holders of the have shared the same household for at least one year
shares to be acquired whose addresses are known at the relevant transaction date, and (iv) any legal per-
to it. Unless the addresses of all of them are known to son, trust or partnership, among other things, whose
it, it must also publish the same in a Dutch daily news- managerial responsibilities are discharged by a mem-
paper with a national circulation. A shareholder can ber of the Board of Directors or any other Insider or by
only appeal against the judgment of the Enterprise a person referred to under (i), (ii) or (iii) above.
Chamber before the Dutch Supreme Court. The AFM must be forthwith notified of transac-
In addition, pursuant to Section 2:359c of the DCC, tions effected in either Ferrari’s shares or financial
an offeror under a public offer is also entitled to start instruments, the value of which is (in part) deter-
a squeeze out procedure, within three months after mined by the value of Ferrari’s shares, following
the public offer, if following the public offer it holds the transaction date by means of a standard form.
at least 95% of the issued share capital of Ferrari Notifications under the Market Abuse Regulation
representing at least 95% of the total voting rights. In may however be postponed until the date that the
the event of a mandatory offer, the mandatory offer value of the transactions carried out on a person’s
price is in principle deemed to be a reasonable price, own account, together with the transactions car-
which has to be accepted by minority shareholders. ried out by the persons associated with that person,
reaches or exceeds the amount of €5,000 in the cal- DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS
endar year in question. The AFM keeps a public regis- UNDER ITALIAN LAW
ter of all notifications made pursuant to the AFS and
the Market Abuse Regulation. Summarized below are the most significant require-
Ferrari is required to make inside information ments to be complied with by Ferrari in connection
public. Inside information is precise information with the admission to listing of Ferrari common
directly or indirectly relating to the issuer or the shares on the Euronext Milan. The breach of the
trade in its securities which has not yet been made obligations described below may result in the ap-
public and publication of which could significantly plication of fines and criminal penalties (including,
affect the trading price of the securities. Ferrari for instance, those provided for insider trading and
must also provide CONSOB with this inside informa- market manipulation). Further requirements may be
tion at the time of publication. Furthermore, Ferrari imposed by CONSOB and/or Borsa Italiana as a re-
must without delay publish the inside information on sult of the listing of Ferrari common shares on the
its website and keep it available on Ferrari’s website Euronext Milan.
for at least five years. In particular, the following main disclosure obli-
It is prohibited for any person to make use of gations provided for by the Legislative Decree no.
inside information by conducting, effecting or 58/1998, or the Italian Financial Act, effective as
attempting to conduct or effect a transaction in rele- of the date of this document shall apply to Ferrari,
vant financial instruments. In addition, it is prohibited article 92 (equal treatment principle), article 114
for any person to pass on inside information relating (information to be provided to the public), article
to Ferrari or the trade in its securities to a third party 114-bis (information to be provided to the market
or to recommend or induce, on the basis of inside concerning the allocation of financial instruments to
information, any person to conduct a transaction in corporate officers, employees and collaborators),
securities of Ferrari. Furthermore, it is prohibited for article 115 (information to be disclosed to CONSOB)
any person to manipulate or attempt to manipulate and article 180 and the following (relating to insider
the market, for instance by conducting transactions trading and market manipulation). In addition to the
which could lead to an incorrect or misleading sig- above, the applicable provisions set forth under the
nal of the supply of, the demand for or the price of market rules (including those relating to the timing
the securities. The provisions of the Market Abuse for the payment of dividends) shall apply to Ferrari.
Regulation concerning insider trading and manipu-
lation of the market are self-executing and immedi- DISCLOSURE OF INSIDE INFORMATION
ately applicable Italian law. Moreover, in March 2017
CONSOB revised certain regulatory provisions con- Pursuant to the Market Abuse Regulation, Ferrari
tained in the Issuers’ Regulation no. 11971/1999 in shall disclose to the public, without delay, any inside
light of the Market Abuse Regulation information which: (i) is of a precise nature, (ii) has
Non-compliance with these reporting obliga- not been made public, (iii) relates, directly or indi-
tions could lead to criminal penalties, administrative rectly, to Ferrari or Ferrari’s common shares, and
fines and cease-and-desist orders (and the publica- (iv) if it were made public, would be likely to have a
tion thereof), imprisonment or other sanctions. significant effect on the prices of Ferrari’s common
shares or on the price of related derivative financial
SHAREHOLDER DISCLOSURE AND REPORTING instruments (the “Inside Information”).
OBLIGATIONS UNDER U.S. LAW In this regard, Inside Information shall be deemed
to be of a precise nature if: (a) it indicates a set of cir-
Holders of Ferrari shares are subject to certain cumstances which exists or which may reasonably
U.S. reporting requirements under the Securities be expected to come into existence, or an event which
Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) for share- has occurred or which may reasonably be expected
holders owning more than 5 percent of any class of to occur and (b) it is specific enough to enable a con-
equity securities registered pursuant to Section 12 clusion to be drawn as to the possible effect of that
of the Exchange Act. Among the reporting require- set of circumstances or events on the prices of the
ments are disclosure obligations intended to inform financial instruments (i.e., Ferrari’s common shares)
the market of significant accumulations of shares or the related derivative financial instruments.
that may lead to a change of control of an issuer. The above disclosure requirement shall be com-
If Ferrari were to fail to qualify as a foreign private plied with through the publication of a press release
issuer in the future, Section 16(a) of the Exchange by Ferrari, in accordance with the modalities set
Act would require Ferrari’s Directors and executive forth under the Market Abuse Regulation, Dutch and
officers, and persons who own more than ten per- Italian law, disclosing to the public the relevant Inside
cent of a registered class of Ferrari’s equity securi- Information. The provisions of the MAR concerning
ties, to file reports of ownership of, and transactions the disclosure of inside information are self-execut-
in, Ferrari’s equity securities with the SEC. Such ing and immediately applicable under Italian law.
Directors, executive officers and ten percent stock- Under specific circumstances, CONSOB may at
holders would also be required to furnish Ferrari any time request: (a) Ferrari to disclose to the pub-
with copies of all Section 16 reports they file. lic specific information or documentation where
149
150
deemed appropriate or necessary or alternatively shares, the entitlement to attend to the general
(b) to be provided with specific information or docu- meeting of Shareholders and to speak and vote
mentation. For this purpose, CONSOB has wide pow- at that meeting and the entitlement to distribu-
ers to, among other things, carry out inspections or tions of such amount of the Company’s profit
request information to the members of the manag- as remains after allocation to reserves. For in-
ing board, the members of the supervisory board or formation on the rights attached to the spe-
to the external auditor. cial voting shares, please refer to the Articles
Ferrari shall publish and transmit to CONSOB any of Association and the Terms and Conditions
information disseminated in any non-EU-countries for the Special Voting Shares which can both
where Ferrari’s common shares are listed (i.e., the be found on the Company’s website and more
United States), if this information is significant for in particular to the paragraph “Loyalty Voting
the purposes of the evaluation of Ferrari’s common Program” of this Annual Report. At December
shares listed on the Euronext Milan. 31, 2025, the issued share capital of the
Company consisted of 193,923,499 common
INSIDERS’ REGISTER shares, representing approximately 75.38 per-
cent of the aggregate issued share capital, and
Pursuant to the Market Abuse Regulation, Ferrari and 63,349,112 special voting shares, representing
its subsidiaries, as well as persons acting on their approximately 24.62 percent of the aggregate
behalf or for their account, shall draw up, and keep issued share capital.
promptly updated, a list of persons who, in the exer- (b) The Company has imposed no limitations on
cise of their employment, profession or duties, have the transfer of common shares. The Articles of
access to Inside Information. Ferrari shall provide Association provide in Article 13 for transfer re-
such list to the competent authority at its request. strictions for special voting shares.
(c) For information on participations in the
PUBLIC TENDER OFFERS Company’s capital in respect of which pursu-
ant to Sections 5:34, 5:35 and 5:43 of the AFS
Certain rules provided for under Italian law with notification requirements apply, please refer to
respect to both voluntary and mandatory public the chapter “Major Shareholders” of this Annual
tender offers shall apply to any offer launched for Report. There you will find a list of Shareholders
Ferrari’s common shares. In particular, among oth- who are known to the Company to have holdings
er things, the provisions concerning the tender of- of 3 percent or more at the stated date.
fer price, the content of the offer document and the (d) No special control rights or other rights accrue
disclosure of the tender offer will be subject to the to shares in the capital of the Company.
supervision by CONSOB and Italian law. (e) A mechanism for verifying compliance with a
scheme allowing employees to subscribe for or
ELECTION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS to acquire shares in the capital of the company
or a subsidiary if the employees do not arrange
The Ferrari Articles of Association provide that the for such verification directly is not applicable to
Board of Directors shall be composed of three or the Company.
more members. (f) No restrictions apply to voting rights attached
Directors are appointed by a simple majority to shares in the capital of the Company, nor are
of the votes validly cast at a General Meeting. The there any deadlines for exercising voting rights.
General Meeting may at any time suspend or dismiss The Articles of Association allow the Company
any Director. to cooperate in the issuance of registered de-
positary receipts for common shares, but only
DISCLOSURES PURSUANT TO DECREE pursuant to a resolution to that effect of the
ARTICLE 10 EU-DIRECTIVE ON TAKEOVERS Board of Directors. The Company is not aware
of any depository receipts having been issued
In accordance with the Dutch Besluit artikel 10 over- for shares in its capital.
namerichtlijn (the “Decree”), the Company makes the (g) The Company is not aware of the existence of
following disclosures: any agreements with Shareholders which may
result in restrictions on the transfer of shares
(a) For information on the capital structure of the or limitation of voting rights except for the
Company, the composition of the issued share shareholders’ agreement, dated December 23,
capital and the existence of the two classes of 2015 between Exor (formerly Exor S.p.A.) and
shares, please refer to Note 13 to the Company Piero Ferrari, later amended to reflect adher-
Financial Statements in this Annual Report. For ence by Trust Piero Ferrari, which became ef-
information on the rights attached to the com- fective upon the completion of the Separation
mon shares, please refer to the Company’s on January 3, 2016 (the “Shareholders’
Articles of Association. To summarize, the Agreement”) and was amended and restated on
rights attached to common shares comprise January 3, 2026. The Shareholders’ Agreement
pre-emptive rights upon issuance of common includes certain rights of first offer of Exor in
the event of a proposed transfer of common mon shares to 10 percent of the issued com-
shares by Piero Ferrari, and certain rights of mon shares for general corporate purposes as
first offer of Piero Ferrari in the event of a pro- of the date of the 2025 Annual General Meeting
posed transfer of common shares by Exor, in (i.e. April 16, 2025), which can be used for any
each case subject to the exceptions set forth and all purposes necessary in the opinion of the
in the Shareholders’ Agreement. The initial Board of Directors. The authorization has been
Shareholders’ Agreement remained in force granted for a period of 18 months starting from
until the fifth anniversary of the Separation. the date of the 2025 Annual General Meeting of
Since neither of the parties to the Shareholders’ Shareholders on April 16, 2025 up to and includ-
Agreement terminated it within six months ing October 15, 2026. The Board of Directors has
before January 3, 2021, the Shareholders’ also been designated for the same period as the
Agreement was automatically renewed for authorized body to limit or exclude the rights
another five-year term and, therefore, until of pre-emption of shareholders in connection
January 3, 2026. On December 16, 2022, Exor with the authority of the Board of Directors
N.V., Mr. Piero Ferrari and Trust Piero Ferrari to issue common shares and grant rights to
entered into an adherence and amendment subscribe for common shares as referred to
agreement whereby Trust Piero Ferrari be- above. Pursuant to the resolution of the Annual
came a party to the Shareholders’ Agreement General Meeting held on April 13, 2022, the
and certain terms of the Shareholders’ Board of Directors has been further authorized
Agreement were amended. On January 3, 2026, to issue special voting shares in the capital of
Exor, Mr. Piero Ferrari and Trust Piero Ferrari the Company and to grant rights to subscribe
entered into the A&R Shareholders’ Agreement. for special voting shares in the capital of the
As amended and restated, the Shareholders Company. This authorization is limited in respect
Agreement will remain in full force and effect of special voting shares to 10 percent of the
for an initial term of three years and will be au- maximum aggregate amount of special voting
tomatically renewed for another three-year shares as provided for in the Company’s autho-
period unless terminated by either party upon rized share capital. The authorization has been
written notice given at least six months prior granted for a period of 5 years starting from
to the end of the initial term. The Shareholders’ the date of the 2022 Annual General Meeting
Agreement, as so amended and restated, is of Shareholders on April 13, 2022 up to and in-
governed by the laws of the Netherlands and cluding April 12, 2027. In the event of an issuance
it mainly concerns the “acting in concert” and of special voting shares, shareholders have no
certain rights of first offer with respect to the right of pre-emption. The Company has the au-
shares of the Company. thority to acquire fully paid-up shares in its own
(h) The rules governing the appointment and dis- share capital, provided that such acquisition is
missal of members of the Board of Directors made for no consideration. Further rules gov-
are stated in the Articles of Association of erning the acquisition of shares by the Company
the Company. All members of the Board of in its own share capital are set out in article 8 of
Directors are appointed by the general meeting the Articles of Association.
of Shareholders. The term of office of all mem- (j) The Company is not a party to any significant
bers of the Board of Directors is for a period agreements which will take effect, will be altered
of approximately one year after appointment, or will be terminated upon a change of control
such period expiring on the day the first Annual of the Company as a result of a public offer
General Meeting of Shareholders is held in the within the meaning of Section 5:70 of the AFS,
following calendar year. The general meeting of provided that certain of the loan agreements
Shareholders has the power to suspend or dis- entered into by the Company contain clauses
miss any member of the Board of Directors at that, as is customary for financing agreements
any time. The rules governing an amendment of similar type, may require early repayment or
of the Articles of Association are stated in the termination in the event of a change of control
Articles of Association and require a resolution of the Company.
of the general meeting of Shareholders which (k) The Company did not enter into any agreement
can only be passed pursuant to a prior proposal with a Director or employee of the Company pro-
of the Board of Directors. viding for a payment / distribution upon termina-
(i) The general powers of the Board of Directors tion of employment as a result of a public offer
are stated in the Articles of Association of the within the meaning of article 5:70 of the AFS.
Company. Pursuant to the resolution of the
Annual General Meeting held on April 16, 2025,
the Board of Directors has been authorized
to issue common shares in the capital of the
Company and to grant rights to subscribe for
common shares in the capital of the Company.
This authorization is limited in respect of com-
151
152
GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS be announced in a manner similar to the announce-
ment of the notice, provided that the Company has
At least one general meeting of shareholders shall received the relevant request, including the reasons
be held every year, which meeting shall be held with- for putting the relevant item on the agenda, no later
in six months after the close of the financial year. than the sixtieth day before the day of the meeting.
Furthermore, general meetings of sharehold- Pursuant to Dutch law, the board of a listed com-
ers shall be held in the case referred to in Section pany has the power to invoke a cooling-off period of
2:108a of the DCC as often as the Board of Directors, up to 250 days in the event of (i) a request by one or
the Chairman or the Chief Executive Officer deems it more shareholders for consideration of a proposal
necessary to hold them or as otherwise required by to appoint, suspend or dismiss one or more mem-
Dutch law, without prejudice to what has been pro- bers of the board, or (ii) when an unsolicited public
vided in the next paragraph hereof. bid has been announced or made for the shares of
Shareholders solely or jointly representing at least the listed company. The decision by the board to
ten percent (10 percent) of the issued share capital invoke the cooling-off period is subject to super-
may request the Board of Directors, in writing, to call visory board approval. To invoke the cooling-off
a general meeting of shareholders, stating the mat- period, the request under (i) or the public bid under
ters to be dealt with. (ii) must in the view of the board be substantially
If the Board of Directors fails to call a meeting, contrary to the interest of the listed company and its
then such shareholders may, on their application, affiliated enterprises.
be authorized by the interim provisions judge of The agenda of the annual general meeting of
the court (voorzieningenrechter van de rechtbank) shareholders shall contain, inter alia, the following
to convene a general meeting of shareholders. The items:
interim provisions judge (voorzieningenrechter
van de rechtbank) shall reject the application if he (a) adoption of the annual report;
is not satisfied that the applicants have previously (b) the remuneration report;
requested the Board of Directors in writing, stating (c) at least every four years after adoption of the re-
the exact subjects to be discussed, to convene a gen- muneration policy, the remuneration policy;
eral meeting of shareholders. (d) the policy of the Company on additions to re-
General meetings of shareholders shall be held in serves and on dividends, if any;
Amsterdam or Haarlemmermeer (Schiphol Airport), (e) granting of discharge to the Directors in respect
the Netherlands, and shall be called by the Board of the performance of their duties in the relevant
of Directors, the Chairman or the Chief Executive financial year;
Officer, in such manner as is required to comply with (f) the appointment of Directors;
the law and the applicable stock exchange regula- (g) if applicable, the proposal to pay a dividend;
tions, not later than on the forty-second day prior to (h) if applicable, discussion of any substantial
the day of the meeting. change in the corporate governance structure
All convocations of general meetings of share- of the Company, and
holders and all announcements, notifications and (i) any matters decided upon by the person(s) con-
communications to shareholders shall be made vening the meeting and any matters placed on
by means of an announcement on the Company’s the agenda with due observance of applicable
corporate website and such announcement shall Dutch law.
remain accessible until the relevant general meet-
ing of shareholders. Any communication to be The Board of Directors shall provide the general
addressed to the general meeting of shareholders meeting of shareholders with all requested informa-
by virtue of Dutch law or the Articles of Association, tion, unless this would be contrary to an overriding
may be either included in the notice, referred to in interest of the Company. If the Board of Directors
the preceding sentence or, to the extent provided for invokes an overriding interest, it must give reasons.
in such notice, on the Company’s corporate website When convening a general meeting of sharehold-
and/or in a document made available for inspection ers, the Board of Directors shall determine that, for
at the office of the Company and such other place(s) the purpose of Article 19 and Article 20 of the Articles
as the Board of Directors shall determine. of Association, persons with the right to vote or
Convocations of general meetings of share- attend meetings shall be considered those persons
holders may be sent to Shareholders through the who have these rights at the twenty-eighth day prior
use of an electronic means of communication to to the day of the meeting (the “Record Date”) and are
the address provided by such Shareholders to the registered as such in a register to be designated by
Company for this purpose. the Board of Directors for such purpose, irrespective
The notice shall state the place, date and hour of whether they will have these rights at the date of the
the meeting and the agenda of the meeting as well as meeting. In addition to the Record Date, the notice of
the other data required by law. the meeting shall further state the manner in which
An item proposed in writing by such number of shareholders and other parties with meeting rights
Shareholders who, by Dutch law, are entitled to make may have themselves registered and the manner in
such proposal, shall be included in the notice or shall which those rights can be exercised.
The general meeting of shareholders shall be pre- use of electronic means of communication prior to
sided over by the Chairman or, in his absence, by the the meeting and received by the Board of Directors
person chosen by the Board of Directors to act as shall be considered to be votes cast at the meet-
chairman for such meeting. ing. Such votes may not be cast prior to the Record
One of the persons present designated for that Date. Whether the provision of the foregoing sen-
purpose by the chairman of the meeting shall act as tence applies and the procedure for exercising the
secretary and take minutes of the business trans- rights referred to in that sentence shall be stated
acted. The minutes shall be confirmed by the chair- in the notice.
man of the meeting and the secretary and signed by Prior to being allowed admittance to a meeting, a
them in witness thereof. shareholder and each person entitled to attend the
The minutes of the general meeting of share- meeting, or its attorney, shall sign an attendance list,
holders shall be made available, on request, to the while stating his name and, to the extent applicable,
shareholders no later than three months after the the number of votes to which he is entitled. Each
end of the meeting, after which the shareholders shareholder and other person attending a meeting
shall have the opportunity to react to the minutes in by the use of electronic means of communication
the following three months. The minutes shall then and identified in accordance with the above shall
be adopted in the manner as described in the pre- be registered on the attendance list by the Board of
ceding paragraph. Directors. In the event that it concerns an attorney of
If an official notarial record is made of the busi- a shareholder or another person entitled to attend
ness transacted at the meeting then minutes need the meeting, the name(s) of the person(s) on whose
not be drawn up and it shall suffice that the official behalf the attorney is acting, shall also be stated. The
notarial record be signed by the notary. chairman of the meeting may decide that the atten-
As a prerequisite to attending the meeting and, dance list must also be signed by other persons
to the extent applicable, exercising voting rights, the present at the meeting.
shareholders entitled to attend the meeting shall be The chairman of the meeting may determine
obliged to inform the Board of Directors in writing the time for which shareholders and others entitled
within the time frame mentioned in the convening to attend the general meeting of shareholders may
notice. At the latest this notice must be received by speak if he considers this desirable with a view to
the Board of Directors on the day mentioned in the the orderly conduct of the meeting as well as other
convening notice. procedures that the chairman considers desirable
Shareholders and those permitted by Dutch law for the efficient and orderly conduct of the busi-
to attend the general meetings of shareholders may ness of the meeting.
cause themselves to be represented at any meeting Ferrari applies the one-share-one-vote principle,
by a proxy duly authorized in writing, provided they meaning that every share (whether common or spe-
shall notify the Company in writing of their wish to be cial voting) shall confer the right to cast one vote.
represented at such time and place as shall be stated Shares in respect of which Dutch law determines
in the notice of the meetings. For the avoidance of that no votes may be cast shall be disregarded for the
doubt, such attorney is also authorized in writing if purposes of determining the proportion of share-
the proxy is documented electronically. The Board of holders voting, present or represented or the pro-
Directors may determine further rules concerning portion of the share capital present or represented.
the deposit of the powers of attorney; these shall be All resolutions shall be passed with an absolute
mentioned in the notice of the meeting. majority of the votes validly cast unless otherwise
The Company is exempt from the proxy rules specified in the Articles of Association. Blank votes
under the Exchange Act. shall not be counted as votes cast.
The chairman of the meeting shall decide on the All votes shall be cast in writing or electronically.
admittance to the meeting of persons other than The chairman of the meeting may, however, deter-
those who are entitled to attend. mine that voting by raising hands or in another man-
For each general meeting of shareholders, the ner shall be permitted.
Board of Directors may decide that shareholders Voting by acclamation shall be permitted if none
shall be entitled to attend, address and exercise of the shareholders present or represented objects.
voting rights at such meeting through the use of No voting rights shall be exercised in the gen-
electronic means of communication, provided eral meeting of shareholders for shares owned by
that shareholders who participate in the meeting the Company or by a subsidiary of the Company.
are capable of being identified through the elec- Pledgees and usufructuaries of shares owned by
tronic means of communication and have direct the Company and its subsidiaries shall however not
cognizance of the discussions at the meeting and be excluded from exercising their voting rights, if
the exercising of voting rights (if applicable). The the right of pledge or usufruct was created before
Board of Directors may set requirements for the the shares were owned by the Company or a subsid-
use of electronic means of communication and iary. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
state these in the convening notice. Furthermore, may exercise voting rights for shares in respect of
the Board of Directors may for each general meet- which it holds a right of pledge or usufruct.
ing of shareholders decide that votes cast by the
153
Without prejudice to the Articles of Association, rights of pre-emption of shareholders in connec-
the Company shall determine for each resolution tion with the authority of the Board of Directors to
passed: issue common shares and grant rights to subscribe
for common shares as referred to above. Pursuant
(a) the number of shares on which valid votes have to the resolution of the Annual General Meeting held
been cast; on April 13, 2022, the Board of Directors has been
(b) the percentage that the number of shares as re- further authorized to issue special voting shares
ferred to under a. represents in the issued share in the capital of the Company and to grant rights to
capital; subscribe for special voting shares in the capital of
(c) the aggregate number of votes validly cast, and the Company. This authorization is limited in respect
(d) the aggregate number of votes cast in favor of of special voting shares to 10 percent of the max-
and against a resolution, as well as the number imum aggregate amount of special voting shares
of abstentions. as provided for in the Company’s authorized share
capital. The authorization has been granted for a
ISSUANCE OF SHARES period of 5 years starting from the date of the 2022
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on April
The general meeting of shareholders or alternatively 13, 2022 up to and including April 12, 2027.
the Board of Directors, if it has been designated to do Payment for shares shall be made in cash unless
so by the general meeting of shareholders, shall have another form of consideration has been agreed.
authority to resolve on any issuance of shares and Payment in a currency other than Euro may only be
rights to subscribe for shares. The general meeting made with the consent of the Company.
of shareholders shall, for as long as any such desig- The Board of Directors has also been designated
nation of the Board of Directors for this purpose is in as the authorized body to limit or exclude the rights
force, no longer have authority to decide on the issu- of pre-emption of shareholders in connection with
ance of shares and rights to subscribe for shares. the authority of the Board of Directors to issue com-
In addition, the general meeting of shareholders mon shares and grant rights to subscribe for com-
or the Board of Directors, if so designated in accor- mon shares as referred to above.
dance with the Articles of Association, shall decide In the event of an issuance of common shares
on the price and the further terms and conditions every holder of common shares shall have a right of
of issuance, with due observance of what has been pre-emption with regard to the common shares or
provided in relation thereto in Dutch law and the rights to subscribe for common shares to be issued
Articles of Association. in proportion to the aggregate nominal value of his
If the Board of Directors is designated to have common shares, provided however that no such
authority to decide on the issuance of shares or rights right of pre-emption shall exist in respect of shares or
to subscribe for shares, such designation shall spec- rights to subscribe for common shares to be issued
ify the class of shares and the maximum number of to employees of the Company or of a group company
shares or rights to subscribe for shares that can be pursuant to any option plan of the Company.
issued under such designation. When making such A shareholder shall have no right of pre-emp-
designation the duration thereof, which shall not be tion for shares that are issued against a non-cash
for more than five years, shall be resolved upon at contribution.
the same time. The designation may be extended In the event of an issuance of special voting
from time to time for periods not exceeding five shares to qualifying shareholders, shareholders
years. The designation may not be withdrawn unless shall not have any right of pre-emption.
otherwise provided in the resolution in which the The general meeting of shareholders or the
designation is made. Board of Directors, as the case may be, shall decide
Pursuant to the resolution of the Annual General when passing the resolution to issue shares or
Meeting held on April 16, 2025, the Board of Directors rights to subscribe for shares in which manner the
has been authorized to issue common shares in shares shall be issued and, to the extent that rights of
the capital of the Company and to grant rights to pre-emption apply, within what period those rights
subscribe for common shares in the capital of the may be exercised.
Company. This authorization is limited in respect of
common shares to 10 percent of the issued com- FERRARI LEADERSHIP TEAM
mon shares for general corporate purposes as of
the date of the 2025 Annual General Meeting (i.e. April On certain key operational matters, the CEO is sup-
16, 2025), which can be used for any and all purposes ported by the FLT. The FLT is an executive committee
necessary in the opinion of the Board of Directors. aimed at ensuring the effectiveness of Ferrari’s op-
The authorization has been granted for a period of erational and day-to-day management as well as the
18 months starting from the date of the 2025 Annual strategic alignment between the Board of Directors
General Meeting of Shareholders on April 16, 2025 and the management, in turn providing the CEO with
up to and including October 15, 2026. The Board of the necessary support to review the Company’s
Directors has also been designated for the same business performance, execute the decisions of the
period as the authorized body to limit or exclude the Board of Directors promptly, and coordinate opera-
155
156
tional matters across different areas of the Company. gic updates to ensure oversight and informed deci-
Namely, these include industrial, HR, communication, sion-making. This approach fosters collaboration
legal, product development, marketing and commer- and a continuous exchange of information between
cial, racing revenues, research and development, governance and management functions. Set forth
lifestyle, internal audit, risk and compliance, design, below are the names, year of birth and position of
purchasing and quality, finance and Scuderia Ferrari. each of the members of the FLT of Ferrari. Unless
Contacts between non-executive Directors and otherwise indicated, the business address of each
the FLT are maintained through regular meetings, person listed below will be c/o Ferrari, Via Abetone
where FLT members provide operational and strate- Inferiore n. 4, I-41053 Maranello (MO), Italy.
Name Year of Birth Gender Position
John Elkann 1976 Male Executive Chairman and Executive Director
Benedetto Vigna 1969 Male Chief Executive Officer
Antonio Picca Piccon 1964 Male Chief Financial Officer
Davide Abate 1984 Male Chief Industrial Officer
Michele Antoniazzi 1969 Male Chief Human Resources Officer
Carlo Daneo 1968 Male General Counsel
Gianmaria Fulgenzi 1969 Male Chief Product Development Officer
Enrico Galliera 1966 Male Chief Marketing and Commercial Officer
Lorenzo Giorgetti 1970 Male Chief Racing Revenue Officer
Ernesto Lasalandra 1972 Male Chief Research & Development Officer
Maria Carla Liuni 1968 Female Chief Brand Officer
Marco Lovati 1972 Male Chief Internal Audit, Risk and Compliance Officer
Flavio Manzoni 1965 Male Chief Design Officer
Maria Conti 1979 Female Chief Communications Officer
Angelo Pesci 1974 Male Chief Purchasing & Quality Officer
Frédéric Vasseur 1968 Male Scuderia Ferrari Team Principal & General Manager
All FLT members are executive officers. Head of Financial Services for FCA. He started his ca-
reer in banking, in various positions within Sanpaolo
Summary biographies for the current members of IMI group. He also served as a member of the Board of
the FLT are included below: Directors of Ferrari, Fiat Group Automobiles, Magneti
Marelli, Maserati and Teksid. Mr. Picca Piccon grad-
JOHN ELKANN uated in Economics and Business Administration
from the University of Turin and holds an MPhil in
See the “—Board of Directors” section above. Economics from the University of Cambridge.
BENEDETTO VIGNA DAVIDE ABATE
See the “—Board of Directors” section above. Mr. Davide Abate has served as Chief Industrial
Officer since May 2025. Previously he held the po-
ANTONIO PICCA PICCON sition of Chief Technologies and Infrastructures
Officer from January 2022, Head of Technologies at
Mr. Antonio Picca Piccon has held the role of Chief Ferrari from October 2020, and various manageri-
Financial Officer since July 2018. Before joining al roles in the manufacturing area such as Head of
Ferrari, he held the position of CFO in Ariston Thermo Prototype Construction from 2017 to 2020. Prior to
Group, including responsibilities for Legal and joining Ferrari in 2012, he covered technical mana-
Corporate Affairs and ICT, since November 2014. gerial roles at Ducati Motor Holding. Mr. Abate holds
Prior to such assignment he spent 15 years within the Ferrari Corporate Executive MBA from the
Fiat Group and FCA, where he covered several senior Bologna Business School and a master in Process
roles in finance and financial services, including CFO Engineering at Bocconi School of Management, as
of Iveco Group, CEO of FGA Capital (then FCA Bank well as a masters’ degree in Automotive Engineering
and now CA Auto Bank) and Group Treasurer and from the Turin Polytechnic.
MICHELE ANTONIAZZI his time at Barilla S.p.A., Mr. Galliera also served as
director of customer business development for
Mr. Michele Antoniazzi has held the role of Chief Human Europe, general manager for South West Europe
Resources Officer since April 2016. Before joining and trade marketing director for Italy. Mr. Galliera
Ferrari, he held several senior roles in Magneti Marelli, holds a degree in economics and political science
becoming the Human Resources Director of the from the University of Parma.
Automotive Lighting business line in 2012. Prior to that
experience he was the Human Resources Director LORENZO GIORGETTI
of the Suspension Systems business line from 2009
to 2012 and the Head of Organizational Development Mr. Lorenzo Giorgetti was appointed Chief Racing
for the Sector Magneti Marelli from 2006 to 2012. He Revenue Officer in February 2023. His career has
graduated from the University of Padova with a de- seen him gain extensive experience in growing
gree in Industrial and Organizational Psychology. businesses across sports clubs, the media and the
world of luxury. Prior to joining Ferrari, he was Chief
CARLO DANEO Commercial Officer at AC Milan; he has also been
Head of Licensing for major sporting events, such
Carlo Daneo is General Counsel since July 2015, a as the Turin 2006 Winter Olympic Games and Milan
member of the Board of Directors of Ferrari North Cortina 2026. From 2007 to 2017, he led the com-
America Inc. since February 2017 and Data Protection mercial management of RCS Media Group’s sports
Officer of the Ferrari Group from February 2018. division, where he was also CEO of the UAE sport
He held the position of Chairman of the Supervisory branch and is currently a member of the board of
Body of Ferrari S.p.A. from August 2015 until the end the Global Esports Federation. He graduated in en-
of 2024. Prior to joining Ferrari, he held several se- gineering from the Politecnico di Milano and has an
nior positions in the Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) MBA from SDA Bocconi.
legal area, including the role of Senior Vice President
and Legal Counsel in Finance and Financial Services ERNESTO LASALANDRA
of FCA from 2008 until 2015 and the role of General
Counsel in Fiat Chrysler Finance S.p.A. (previous- Mr. Ernesto Lasalandra has held the position of Chief
ly Fiat Finance S.p.A.) from 2003 to 2015. He start- Research & Development Officer since January 2022.
ed his career in 1995 with a work experience at the He joined Ferrari from his previous role as Group
United Nations at the International Trade Center VP R&D General Manager in STMicroelectronics,
Unctad / WTO in Geneva and since 1996 in the le- where over the past decades he covered roles of
gal profession in law firms with experience in the increasing responsibilities in Product Development
Corporate, Finance and Capital Markets areas in pri- and R&D. Mr. Lasalandra holds a degree in Electronic
mary international law firms in Italy and abroad until Engineering from University of Pavia.
2003. He graduated in Law at the University of Turin,
did a master’s degree organized by the University MARIA CARLA LIUNI
Institute of European Studies in international law at
the International Labour Organization of Turin and Ms. Maria Carla Liuni joined Ferrari as Chief Brand
obtained the title of Lawyer. Officer in September 2022. Previously, she was Chief
Marketing Officer at Pandora, where she played a
GIANMARIA FULGENZI key part in relaunching the company and boosting
its desirability. She has also led Bulgari’s marketing
Mr. Gianmaria Fulgenzi has been Chief Product division and global communications. In addition, she
Development Officer since January 2022. Previously spent almost 20 years at Procter & Gamble, where
he was Head of GeS Supply Chain of Ferrari from she was General Manager of the Prestige division
March 2019. He also worked in the product devel- which includes perfume, makeup and skincare for
opment and manufacturing area, as Head of Rear brands such as Dolce & Gabbana, Gucci and Hugo
Engine Car Platform from 2015 to 2019 and Head of Boss. This encompassed multiple roles including
Powertrain Production from 2008 to 2010. Prior to Regional Leader for the Asia-Pacific region and lead-
joining Ferrari in 2002, he covered technical mana- ing on marketing, communication and product devel-
gerial roles at PiaggioAero Industries. Mr. Fulgenzi opment for the entire portfolio, working closely with
holds a master in Management from the London the fashion houses. She graduated in economics at
Business School, as well as a masters’ degree in Rome’s Luiss University and has a master’s degree in
Aerospace Engineering from the Turin Polytechnic. marketing from the IPSOA business school in Milan.
ENRICO GALLIERA MARCO LOVATI
Mr. Enrico Galliera was appointed as our Chief Mr. Marco Lovati is Chief Internal Audit, Risk and
Marketing and Commercial Officer in April 2010. Compliance Officer since December 2023, Chief
From 1990 to 2010 he worked for Barilla S.p.A, Internal Audit Officer since April 2015 and a member
where he held multiple positions, ultimately becom- of the Supervisory Body of Ferrari S.p.A. since July
ing Europe and export market unit director. During 2014. Prior to such assignment he spent 14 years in
157
158
the Internal Audit and Compliance department of Fiat degree in Business Communication from Catholic
Group and FCA, where he covered several senior University of the Sacred Heart in Milan and a de-
positions including the role of “Financial & Insurance gree in Business Management from the University
Companies, Luxury Cars” and “Automotive Europe & of Alfonso X El Sabio in Madrid.
Financial JV Companies” Head of Audit, also serving
as member of the Supervisory Body of different Fiat ANGELO PESCI
Group and FCA legal entities. Mr. Marco Lovati gradu-
ated in Economics and Business Administration from Mr. Angelo Pesci has been Chief Purchasing &
the University of Turin and holds an MBA in Finance Quality Officer since January 2022. Angelo Pesci
jointly organized by the University of Turin and the joined Ferrari from STMicroelectronics, where over
Italian Association of Finance Directors (ANDAF). the past decades he covered roles of increasing
responsibilities in Financial Planning, Supply Chain
FLAVIO MANZONI and Product Planning, Services and Operations.
Mr. Pesci holds a Master in Business Administration
Mr. Flavio Manzoni was appointed as our Chief Design from SDA Bocconi, as well as a masters’ degree in
Officer in January 2010. From 2007 to 2010 he was Physics from University of Trieste.
Director of Creative Design at the Volkswagen Group
where he was involved in designing most of the FRÉDÉRIC VASSEUR
Skoda, Bentley, Bugatti and Volkswagen recent cars
as well as redefining the aesthetic philosophy of these Mr. Frédéric Vasseur was born in Draveil, France on
brands. From 2001 to 2006, he worked at Fiat Group May 28, 1968. In 1995, he graduated in Aeronautical
as Head of Design for Lancia, Fiat and LCV. He has also Engineering at ESTACA (École Supérieure des
held design positions at Lancia and Seat. Mr. Manzoni Techniques Aéronautiques et de Construction
holds a degree in architecture with a thesis in indus- Automobile) in Paris. In 1992, while still studying,
trial design from the University of Florence. On June he established RPM, preparing Formula 3 engines
28, 2019, at the University of Sassari, he was awarded for Renault. In 1996, he set up the ASM team, rac-
an honorary master’s degree in “Humanities, Modern ing in Formula 3. He ran the operation up to 2015,
Philology and Cultural Industry”. winning various titles including the French one in
1998 with David at the wheel, going on to win the
MARIA CONTI European title four times between 2004 and 2007,
with Jamie Green, Lewis Hamilton, Paul Di Resta
Ms. Maria Conti has held the role of Chief and Romain Grosjean. In 2004, he created a second
Communication Officer at Ferrari since November team, ART Grand Prix, winning eighth teams’ cham-
2025. Ms. Conti has twenty years of experience in pionships across GP2 and GP3 and eleven drivers’
the automotive and luxury sectors, gained leading titles including clinching the 2016 GP3 crown with
international communications, events, brand, and Charles Leclerc. An enquiring mind and a willing-
motorsports teams for iconic marques such as ness to explore new avenues led Vasseur to set up
Maserati, Alfa Romeo, BMW, and MINI. Before joining AOTech in 2010, a company specialising in driving
Ferrari, she was Head of Maserati Corse, leading the simulators and CFD design. Two years later, along
brand’s motorsports division globally. There, she came Spark Racing Technology, dealing in the de-
led the development of the Motorsports business, sign and manufacture of hybrid and electrical
with international commercial, brand, and com- systems. The company secured the contract to
munications responsibilities. Previously, she was supply Formula E chassis, when the category for
Chief Communications Officer of Maserati, where fully electric single-seaters was first set up by the
she defined and implemented the brand’s global FIA (Federation Internationale Automobile) in 2014.
communications strategy across product, lifestyle, Frédéric first appeared in the Formula 1 paddock
racing, and events. From 2019 to 2024, she held in 2016 as Renault Team Principal. The following
various roles at Maserati, first as Head of Maserati year, he moved on to become Managing Director of
Brand and Communication and then as Chief the Sauber Group, as well as Team Principal of the
Communications Officer, defining global commu- Alfa Romeo Sauber F1 Team, which morphed into
nications strategies, redefining the brand’s values, Alfa Romeo Racing in 2019, running Ferrari power
and coordinating its international relaunch. From units. After the 2022 season, he was asked to take
2016, she led communications for Alfa Romeo, first on the role of Scuderia Ferrari Team Principal &
in the EMEA region and then globally, working on General Manager, starting in his new position on
its return to Formula 1. In previous roles, she was January 9, 2023.
Head of Fiat Communication for the EMEA region.
From 2005 to 2014, her professional career devel- CORPORATE OFFICES
oped at the BMW Group, Italy, where she held var-
ious leadership positions in communications and The Company is incorporated under the laws of the
experiential marketing for the Group’s brands, in- Netherlands. It has its official seat in Amsterdam, the
cluding BMW and MINI. She also gained experience Netherlands, and the place of effective management
in communications and event management for lux- of the Company is Via Abetone Inferiore n. 4 I-41053
ury brands at consulting firms. Ms. Conti holds a Maranello (MO) Italy.
The business address of the Board of Directors and the system of internal control over financial report-
the senior managers is Via Abetone Inferiore n. 4 ing, is based on a “top-down, risk-based” process
I-41053 Maranello (MO) Italy. consistent with the COSO Framework. This enables
The Company is registered at the Dutch trade focus on areas of higher risk and/or materiality,
register under number 64060977. where there is risk of significant errors, including
The Netherlands is the Company’s home mem- those attributable to fraud, in the elements of the
ber state for the purposes of the EU Transparency financial statements and related documents. The key
Directive (Directive 2004/109/EC, as amended). components of the process are:
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM identification and evaluation of the source and
probability of material errors in elements of fi-
The Company has in place an internal control sys- nancial reporting;
tem (the “System”), based on the model provided by assessment of the adequacy of key controls in
the COSO Framework (Committee of Sponsoring enabling ex-ante or ex-post identification of po-
Organizations of the Tradeway Commission Report tential misstatements in elements of financial re-
– Enterprise Risk Management model) and the prin- porting, and
ciples of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, verification of the operating effectiveness of
which consists of a set of policies, procedures and controls based on the assessment of the risk of
organizational structures aimed at identifying, mea- misstatement in financial reporting, with testing
suring, managing and monitoring the principal risks focused on areas of higher risk.
to which the Company is exposed. The System is inte-
grated within the organizational and corporate gov- Identification and evaluation of the risk of misstate-
ernance framework adopted by the Company and ments which could have material effects on financial
contributes to the protection of corporate assets, as reporting is carried out through a risk assessment
well as to ensuring the efficiency and effectiveness process that uses a top-down approach to identify
of business processes, reliability of financial infor- the organizational entities, processes and the relat-
mation and compliance with laws, regulations, the ed accounts, in addition to specific activities, which
Articles of Association and internal procedures. could potentially generate significant errors. Under
The System, which has been developed on the the methodology adopted by the Company, risks and
basis of international best practices, relies on the so related controls are associated with the accounting
called “Three Levels of Controls Model” as referred and business processes upon which accounting in-
to and outlined in the “Risk Management Process and formation is based.
Internal Control Systems” section of this Report. Significant risks identified through the assess-
ment process require definition and evaluation of
PRINCIPAL CHARACTERISTICS OF THE key controls that address those risks, thereby miti-
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM AND INTERNAL gating the possibility that financial reporting will con-
CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING tain any material misstatements.
In accordance with international best practices,
The Company has in place a system of risk man- the Group has two principal types of control in place:
agement and internal control over financial re-
porting based on the model provided by the COSO controls that operate at Group or subsidiary lev-
Framework, according to which the internal control el, such as delegation of authorities and respon-
system is defined as a set of rules, procedures and sibilities, separation of duties, and assignment
tools designed to provide reasonable assurance of of access rights to information technology sys-
the achievement of corporate objectives. tems, and
In relation to the financial reporting process, controls that operate at process level, such as
reliability, accuracy, completeness and timeliness authorizations, reconciliations, verification of
of the information contribute to the achievement of consistencies, etc. This category includes con-
such corporate objectives. Risk management is an trols for operating processes, controls for fi-
integral part of the internal control system. A peri- nancial closing processes and cross-sector
odic evaluation of the system of internal control over controls carried out by captive service provid-
financial reporting is designed to ensure the over- ers. These controls can be preventive (i.e., de-
all effectiveness of the components of the COSO signed to prevent errors or fraud that could
Framework (control environment, risk assessment, result in misstatements in financial reporting)
control activities, information and communication, or detective (i.e., designed to reveal errors or
and monitoring) in achieving those objectives. fraud that have already occurred). They may
The Company has a system of administrative and also be classified as manual or automatic, such
accounting procedures in place that ensure a high as application-based controls relating to the
degree of reliability in the system of internal control technical characteristics and configuration of
over financial reporting. information technology systems supporting
The approach adopted by the Company for the business activities.
evaluation, monitoring and continuous updating of
159
160
An assessment of the design and operating effec- Our Code of Conduct is available on our website at
tiveness of key controls is carried out through tests https://cdn.ferrari.com/cms/network/media/pdf/
performed by the Internal Audit department, both codice_condotta_ferrari_eng_def.pdf.
at group and subsidiary level, using sampling tech- Ferrari’s Code of Conduct was updated in February
niques recognized as best practices internationally. 2023, also strengthening the reference to ESG as-
The assessment of the controls may require the pects, with the approval by the Board of Directors of
definition of compensating controls and plans for Ferrari N.V.
remediation and improvement. The results of moni- Any amendments to, or waivers granted under,
toring are subject to periodic review by the manager the Code of Conduct will be disclosed in accordance
responsible for the Company’s financial reporting with applicable laws and regulations.
and communicated by him to senior management The Code of Conduct represents a set of val-
and to the Audit Committee (which in turn reports to ues recognized, adhered to and promoted by the
the Board of Directors). Company, which understands that conduct based on
Our risk management and internal control sys- the principles of diligence, integrity and fairness is an
tem includes a department tasked with coordinating important driver of social and economic development.
the system as a whole: the Internal Audit, Risk and The Code of Conduct is a pillar of the governance
Compliance Department, which reports directly to system, which regulates the decision-making pro-
the CEO and works to ensure, in an integrated man- cesses and operating approach of the Company and
ner, that business operations are conducted with its employees in the interests of sustainable long-
transparency, in the interests of shareholders and term value creation while taking into account the
all stakeholders. impact the actions have on people and the environ-
For additional information relating to the Internal ment and to that end weighs the stakeholder interests
Audit, Risk and Compliance Department as well as on that are relevant in this context. Explicit reference is
the effectiveness of the internal risk management made to the UN’s Universal Declaration on Human
and control systems, see “Risk Management Process Rights, the principal Conventions of the International
and Internal Control System—Ferrari’s Organization Labor Organization (ILO) and the OECD Guidelines for
of the Internal Control and Risk Management System”. Multinational Enterprises. Furthermore, the Code of
Conduct provides for the guiding principles relating
CULTURE AND CODE OF CONDUCT to: health and safety, business ethics and anticor-
ruption, antitrust, human resource management
and the central role of the individual and the respect
CULTURE of human rights, personal data privacy, conflicts of
interest, the importance of the Community, of the
We promote a corporate culture rooted in dili- environment and, in general terms, of sustainability.
gence, integrity, and fairness, as enshrined in our The Company promotes adoption of the Code
Code of Conduct. This culture plays a central role in of Conduct as a best practice standard of business
our governance system, guiding decision-making conduct by partners, suppliers, agents, dealers and
and operational processes to achieve sustainable any other business partner. In fact, the Company’s
long-term value creation. It is reinforced through contracts worldwide include specific clauses relat-
the Company’s policies and practices, such as our ing to recognition and adherence to the principles
Stakeholder Engagement Practice and the Diversity underlying the Code of Conduct and related guide-
Policy, available on our website. lines, as well as compliance with local regulations.
The Board of Directors periodically evaluates The Company closely monitors the effective-
whether cultural changes are desirable, considering ness of and compliance with the Code of Conduct,
strategic objectives, regulatory developments, and with the help of the Group Compliance department.
internal feedback. Starting from our corporate val- Violations of the Code of Conduct are usually deter-
ues: “Individual and Team”, “Tradition and Innovation”, mined through, among other things: periodic activi-
“Passion and Achievement”, we defined six guiding ties of compliance monitoring carried out by Group
principles that shape the daily work across all regions: Compliance department, periodic and/or specific
“Collaboration”, “Continuous Learning”, “Confident activities carried out by the Internal Audit depart-
Humility”, “Focus”, “Fearless Organization”, “Will to ment of the Group; the whistleblowing reports and
progress”. At present, our culture journey aligns with management procedures and checks forming part
our values and principles. of the standard operating procedures. Periodic
reporting is provided to the Chairman and CEO
CODE OF CONDUCT as well as to the Audit Committee. For all Code of
Conduct violations, the disciplinary measures taken
We have adopted, at a group level, a Code of Conduct are commensurate with the seriousness of the case
which applies to all of our employees, including our and comply with local legislation. The relevant cor-
principal executive, principal financial and principal porate departments are notified of violations, irre-
accounting officers. It also applies to the Company’s spective of whether criminal action is taken by the
subsidiaries and other individuals or companies authorities. The Internal Audit department of the
that act in the name and on behalf of the Company. Group should inform the Board of Directors and
the chairman of the Audit Committee without delay cybersecurity reviews of systems and applications,
if, during the performance of its duties, it discovers including at least yearly attack exercises to test our
or suspects an instance of material misconduct or cybersecurity posture, audit applicable data policies,
irregularity. If the actual or suspected material mis- perform penetration testing using external third-par-
conduct or irregularity pertains to the functioning ties, techniques and security service providers to test
of one or more Directors, the Internal Audit depart- our posture, operate a bug bounty program to encour-
ment should report this to the Chairman. age proactive vulnerability reporting. We also conduct
No relevant violations of the Code of Conduct continuous training to employees with in-class ses-
were identified in the financial year ended 31 sions, online training, at least monthly “security pills”
December 2025. (i.e. email to all users to inform them e.g. of running
More detailed information about the Code of phishing, campaigns, cyberattacks against suppliers,
Conduct, including compliance therewith in 2025, is or stories about cybersecurity events, with the goal
included in the Sustainability Statement section of of improving end user awareness), friendly phishing
our 2025 Annual Report. campaigns and dedicated one-to-one support and
advisory for any cybersecurity question or doubt.
COMPANY POLICIES AND PRACTICES Furthermore, our team monitors emerging laws and
regulations related to data protection and informa-
tion security (including Operational Technology (OT)
INSIDER TRADING POLICY and vehicles) and implements appropriate changes
and collaborates with technical and business stake-
Since 2016, the Company has adopted an insider holders across our business units to further analyze
trading policy (the “Insider Trading Policy”) govern- the risk to the company, and define detection, mitiga-
ing, among other things, the purchase, sale and oth- tion and remediation strategies.
er dispositions of securities issued by the Company Once identified, cybersecurity events and data
by all Directors, officers and employees of the Group incidents are collected, evaluated, ranked by sever-
and designed to promote compliance with appli- ity and prioritized for response and remediation,
cable insider trading laws, rules and regulations as including with respect to materiality, operational,
well as with the applicable listing standards. business and privacy impact. Our incident response
A copy of the Insider Trading Policy can be found and breach management processes have four over-
under Exhibit 11.1 to this Form 20-F. arching and interconnected stages: 1) preparation
for a cybersecurity incident, 2) detection and analy-
CYBERSECURITY sis of a security incident, 3) containment, eradication
and recovery, and 4) post-incident analysis.
To protect its shareholders and stakeholders,
CYBERSECURITY RISK MANAGEMENT AND starting from 2019 Ferrari has implemented a cyber
STRATEGY insurance program that covers damages directly
caused by hacking attacks, system failures and
Ferrari recognizes the importance of assessing, other cybersecurity events (loss of profit, costs and
identifying, and managing material risks associated expenses, restoration costs), as well as damages
with cybersecurity threats, as such term is defined incurred by third parties following a breach of secu-
in Item 106(a) of Regulation S-K. These risks include, rity and/or confidentiality of personal data.
among other things: operational risks, intellectual
property theft, fraud, extortion, harm to employees Third Party Engagement
or customers and violation of data privacy or secu-
rity laws. The identification, assessment and man- As part of our risk management and strategies de-
agement of cybersecurity risk is integrated into our scribed above, external auditors and consultants
Enterprise Risk Management process, which in turn regularly assess our compliance with applicable
operates within the overall Ferrari Internal Control practices and standards, including for the UNECE
and Risk Management System. Cybersecurity risks R155, SOX, NYDFS500, GB44495 and GB44496 certi-
related to our business, technical operations, priva- fications. In addition, such third-parties also provide
cy and compliance issues including any Ferrari con- periodic security assessments such as penetration
fidential information about vehicles, services, proj- testing, continuous and automatic vulnerability as-
ects and all non-public activities related to Racing sessments, email and web filtering, endpoint and
Department, employees, clients and fans person- infrastructure protection, data loss prevention, au-
al data are identified and addressed through a thentication systems, and advisory and support on
multi-faceted approach. This includes red-teaming, certain cybersecurity enhancements. Worldwide
pentesting, friendly phishing and third party-man- primary cybersecurity companies are frequently
aged cybersecurity posture analysis. Dealers’ and involved. These partnerships enable us to leverage
suppliers’ cybersecurity risks are evaluated in a sim- specialized knowledge, insights and training, ensur-
ilar way, as further explained below. ing our cybersecurity strategies and processes re-
To defend, detect and respond to cybersecurity main aligned with fast evolving risk scenarios and
incidents, we, among other things, conduct proactive new technologies.
161
162
Suppliers’ Security Profile and status on cybersecurity initiatives. It is com-
posed of executives and C - level executives rep-
To oversee and identify cybersecurity threats asso- resenting the Enterprise Cybersecurity, Digital
ciated with third parties, Ferrari has implemented Transformation, Legal, Finance, Internal Audit,
an evaluation process of suppliers’ security profile. Compliance and Risk (which includes Enterprise
Starting from the initial supplier evaluation, cyberse- Risk Management) and Human Resources de-
curity posture is evaluated through a specific ques- partments.
tionnaire, which contains different requirements Cyber Crisis Committee (CCC): it comes into
depending on the type of goods/services provid- play in case of significant cyber incidents. It is
ed. Depending on the outcome of the question- composed by Enterprise Cybersecurity de-
naire, certain suppliers are audited in person by the partments and C-level executives represent-
Ferrari Internal Audit Department, which analyzes a ing the Digital Transformation, Legal, Finance,
supplier’s main risks and, together with the supplier, Communication, and Compliance departments
defines (and monitors) action plans to close or re- as well as, depending on the individual case, the
duce the identified security gaps. At the end of the relevant internal business functions (e.g. Sales,
evaluation process, a cybersecurity maturity rank- Purchasing, Design and Racing).
ing is assigned, verified with a risk-based approach. Audit Committee: it is the Committee appoint-
The resulting risk profile is among the criteria used ed by Board of Directors to oversee the imple-
to assign the bid. mentation and maintenance of an adequate risk
Suppliers are formally required to inform Ferrari, management and internal control system, re-
through a dedicated channel, of cyber incidents they ceives regular reporting on most relevant risks
suffer. Ferrari also hires additional cybersecurity and reviews and monitors the effectiveness of
services to be promptly and independently informed controls on these risks, including cyber risks.
of suppliers’ cyber incidents and trigger the incident It invites the Head of Enterprise Cybersecurity
management process. and CDTO to report and discuss cybersecurity
at a committee meeting at least once a year. With
Dealers’ Security Profile the same frequency the Board of Directors is in-
formed of cybersecurity strategy, governance
Dealers undergo a cybersecurity evaluation and as- and management. Further information about the
sessment similar to that described above for sup- Audit Committee is included in the Corporate
pliers, albeit using a different cybersecurity ques- Governance section.
tionnaire. Any final action plans are agreed with the
dealership management. Like suppliers, dealers are In addition to the previous committees, the CEO is in-
required to inform Ferrari Enterprise Cybersecurity formed timely of any material incident and has direct
in case of cyberincidents and are subject to a moni- contact with the Head of Enterprise Cybersecurity
toring process performed by Internal Audit. at least monthly.
CYBERSECURITY GOVERNANCE & REPORTING CYBER INCIDENTS
Cybersecurity management is governed by the fol- Ferrari considers as cyber incident any event that
lowing departments and committees: negatively affects the confidentiality, integrity, and/
or availability (CIA) at an organization in a way that
Enterprise Cybersecurity: the department is impacts or could significantly impact the business.
responsible for the cybersecurity of the Group, Among the cyber incidents tracked by Ferrari in
including information technology (IT), operation- 2025 (e.g. PC thefts, smartphone losses, fraud or
al technology (OT) and vehicle cybersecurity. The impersonation attempts, hacking attempts, viruses,
Head of Enterprise Cybersecurity, who joined insiders, human errors, hacked suppliers or dealers,
Ferrari in 2019, has a degree in legal informatics, etc.) none has been considered critical or has signifi-
an Executive MBA and over 10 years of experience cantly impacted the business.
in primary companies with a multi-year role also
as Data Privacy Officer. The Head of Enterprise DIVERSITY POLICY
Cybersecurity reports to the Chief Digital
Transformation Officer (CDTO) and maintains a The Board of Directors adopted an updated diver-
direct link to the CEO. For additional information sity policy for the Board of Directors (the “Diversity
relating to the CDTO’s qualifications see the “— Policy”) effective as of September 14, 2023, since the
Ferrari Leadership Team” within this section. Company believes that diversity in the composition
Internal Control Committee (ICC): it meets peri- of the Board of Directors in terms of age, sex, gen-
odically to monitor, evaluate and discuss Group der, nationality, expertise, experience, competen-
enterprise cross-risks and approve related ini- cies, or other personal qualities, and cultural or oth-
tiatives, including cybersecurity risks, status on er background is an important mean of promoting
addressing and/or mitigating those risks, cy- debate, balanced decision making and independent
bersecurity and data privacy incidents (if any) actions of the Board of Directors.
164
The Diversity Policy gives weight to the following bers of the Board of Directors to be reasonably
diversity factors in Board of Directors composi- consistent with the geographic presence of the
tion age, sex, gender, nationality, expertise, expe- Company’s business, and no nationality should
rience, competencies, or other personal qualities, count for more than 60% of the members of the
and professional cultural or other background. Board of Directors, and (d) diversity in the age of the
The Company considers each of these aspects key members of the Board of Directors by having one
drivers to support the abovementioned goals and or more members of the Board of Directors aged
to achieve sufficient diversity of views and the ex- under 50 on the day of their nomination; provided
pertise needed for a proper understanding of cur- that, in the candidate selection process, rules and
rent affairs and longer-term risks and opportuni- generally accepted principles of non-discrimina-
ties related to the Company’s business. The Board tion (on grounds such as ethnic origin, race, disabil-
of Directors and its ESG Committee consider such ity or sexual orientation) will be taken into account.
factors when evaluating nominees for election to Given the current composition of the Board of the
the Board of Directors and during the annual perfor- Company in a one-tier system, composed only by
mance assessment process. two (2) executive directors (of the same gender),
the Company has decided not to set a specific gen-
GENDER DIVERSITY TARGETS der diversity target for executive directors in the
Policy while targets have been set for the Board of
Directors as a whole.
a) Board of Directors diversity targets To ensure its correct implementation, the
Diversity Policy is taken into account in the nomina-
The Company has set the following concrete tar- tion of executive Directors, and in the adoption of a
gets to be achieved by 2027: (a) at least 30% of the profile for non-executive Directors as well as in nom-
seats of the Board of Directors to be occupied by inating and recommending non-executive Directors.
women and at least 30% by men; (b) at least 33% As of December 31, 2025, the Company has
of the seats of the non-executive members of the achieved (i) the target on nationality and (ii) the age
Board of Directors to be occupied by women and target, and is working to reach its gender targets.
at least 33% by men; (c) the nationality of the mem-
Please find below a chart representing the Board’s gender and age as of
December 31, 2025.
BOARD MEMBERS BY AGE GROUP AND GENDER
December 31, 2025
Directors 30-50 >50 Total Total %
Male 1 8 9 75%
Female 1 2 3 25%
Other — — — —%
Not disclosed — — — —%
Total 2 10 12 100%
b) Manager Diversity Targets (sub-top) & addition, Ferrari S.p.A. started an in-depth analy-
Diversity and Inclusion Practice sis on remuneration, which led, in July 2020, to the
award of the Equal Salary Certificate for providing
Ferrari places people at its core. We believe in the equal pay to men and women with the same qualifi-
importance of inclusion and the enhancement of di- cations and positions in the Company. This certifica-
versity and continuously improve our people strate- tion, which has a 3-year validity cycle (a main audit in
gies in order to maintain an engaging, meritocratic the first year followed by annual monitoring in the
and fair environment, in which all Ferrari people can second and third years), has been extended at global
and want to do their best. Equal opportunities are the level in 2023 and confirmed both in 2024 and 2025. It
best way to ensure that merit is the decisive factor to testifies the Company’s commitment to creating an
keep on attracting, retaining and developing the tal- inclusive and diverse working environment while
ents, accelerating Ferrari’s innovation process. fostering career development for all. Ferrari sees
In order to guarantee equal opportunities, our this certification not as an end point but as a further
Company operates a merit-based remuneration stage of growth and an opportunity to implement
policy, not discriminating on the basis of gender, age, tangible actions to ensure that everyone can pursue
nationality, social status or cultural background. In his or her own professional development.
In addition to that, in December 2024, Ferrari S.p.A. sistency between global percentage and managerial
received the gender equality certification issued percentage is a key indicator in our diversity strategy.
under Italian UNI/PdR 125:2022, a gender equality
practice which defines the guidelines on the man- STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT PRACTICE
agement system for gender equality and for the
structuring and adoption of a set of performance On September 14, 2023, the Board of Directors ad-
indicators (KPIs) inherent to gender equality poli- opted the updated version of the stakeholder en-
cies on organizations, in six strategic areas includ- gagement practice (the “Stakeholder Engagement
ing (i) culture and strategy; (ii) governance; (iii) hu- Practice”), as the Company firmly believes that
man resources (HR) management processes; (iv) maintaining a profitable dialogue with its stakehold-
opportunities for growth and inclusion of women in ers, by listening to their expectations and perspec-
business; (v) gender pay equity and (vi) parental pro- tives, is key in the path to sustainable long-term val-
tection and work-life balance. This certification has ue creation. This Stakeholder Engagement Practice
been confirmed in 2025. aims at enhancing Ferrari’s communication with
Reflecting Ferrari’s ambition for diversity and its stakeholders and at giving all members of the
inclusion across the Company, in 2023, the Board of Board, managers and employees of the Ferrari
Directors adopted a diversity and inclusion practice Group, and anyone else working for it or on its be-
(the “Diversity and Inclusion Practice”), and, in 2024, half in Italy or any other country, guidelines on the
the Company’s CEO executed the “Policy for Gender right methods and forms of interaction with such
Equality and Diversity & Inclusion”, setting forth D&I different stakeholders.
principles according to which Ferrari operates. For a detailed description of our stakeholder
Ferrari Group promotes the valorization of human engagement process, including the identification
resources and encourages the diffusion of a corpo- of relevant stakeholders, the rationale for their
rate culture based on Inclusion and mutual respect in selection, and the way their input has been con-
the belief that Diversity represents a source of cre- sidered, see “Interests and views of stakeholders”
ativity, enrichment and innovation. In carrying out its and “Stakeholder Engagement” in the Sustainability
activities, the Group adopts an approach aimed at Report included herein.
guaranteeing equal opportunities at all levels of the
organization as well as rejecting any form of discrim- PROFILE OF THE NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
ination. The Diversity and Inclusion Practice identifies
and implements diversity and inclusion principles for In respect of the composition of the Board of
the whole employees’ population of Ferrari Group as Directors, a profile of the non-executive Directors
well as the Board of Directors. Among the actions we (the “Profile”) has been adopted by the Company.
have taken to implement the Diversity and Inclusion The purpose of this profile is to provide guidance
Practice, the monitoring of diversity in panel of hir- with respect to the composition and expertise of the
ing candidates, the analysis of the percentage of men non-executive Directors. The Profile provides that
and women involved in remuneration and promotion the Board of Directors shall be composed in such
processes to support with these data the decision manner that its composition reflects an adequate
making, the definition of clear diversity objectives for mix of technical abilities, professional background
all levels in the organization. and experience, both general and specific, gained in
The continuous monitoring of our target shows an international environment and pertaining to the
that women in managerial positions at December 31, dynamics of the macro-economy and globalization
2017 were 11.8 percent (while women represented of markets, more generally, as well as the industri-
12.2 percent of the total direct employee population) al and financial sectors, more specifically. In select-
and at December 31, 2025 were 17.1 percent (while ing and nominating new non-executive Directors,
women represented 16.9 percent of the total direct the Company shall ensure that such non-executive
employee population). Directors complement the knowledge and experi-
Our goal is to proceed in this direction: indeed we ence of the other non-executive Directors and that
aim to maintain a healthy growth rate in women in the independency requirements under the Dutch
managerial positions, considering the percentage of Corporate Governance Code and the NYSE rules
women in the total employee population. We define are taken into account. In selecting and nominating
as an appropriate target to have at least 18% women new non-executive Directors, the Company shall
in managerial positions by 2027. also ensure that the Diversity Policy, including the
Our plan to achieve the target is to continue the gender diversity target ratios as described under
implementation of initiatives and actions put in place “—Diversity Policy” above, is taken into account. In
in previous years and continuing in 2025, including, recommending prospective candidates for nomi-
as mentioned above, fostering the value of diversity nation to the Board of Directors, the ESG Committee
in panel of hiring candidates, monitoring the percent- shall take into account the Profile. The Profile is
age of men and women involved in career plans and posted on our website at https://cdn.ferrari.com/
salary review, defining clear diversity objectives for cms/network/media/pdf/e_fnv_profile_non-exec-
all levels in organization. For Ferrari it is important to utive_directors_13_09_2018_clean_final_new_0.pdf.
guarantee equal opportunities at all levels, so the con-
165
166
COMPLIANCE WITH DUTCH CORPORATE by the chairman of the management board or by a
GOVERNANCE CODE former executive director of the company.
The Company endorses the principles and best prac- Our Senior Non-Executive Director and Chair of the
tice provisions of the Dutch Corporate Governance Board of Directors, Mr. Duca, is also the Chairperson
Code, except it deviates from the following best prac- of the Audit Committee, which is not in line with best
tice provisions which deviations are explained below: practice provision 5.1.4 of the Dutch Corporate
Governance Code. The Company believes that Mr.
Best practice provision 2.2.4 of the Dutch Duca, in light of his extensive experience with audits
Corporate Governance Code: The supervisory and his knowledge in this respect, brings a valuable
board should also draw up a retirement schedule contribution to the Audit Committee and therefore
in order to avoid, as much as possible, superviso- believes it is in Ferrari’s best interest and appropri-
ry board members retiring simultaneously. The ate for Mr. Duca to chair the Audit Committee.
retirement schedule should be published on the
company’s website. Best practice provision 5.1.4 of the Dutch
Corporate Governance Code: The committees
The Company does not have a retirement schedule referred to in best practice 2.3.2 should be com-
as referred to in best practice provision 2.2.4 of the prised exclusively of non-executive directors.
Dutch Corporate Governance Code, because the
Company’s Articles of Association provide for a term Mr. Elkann, our Executive Chairman and Executive
of office of member of the Board of Directors for a Director, has a position on the ESG Committee, to
period of approximately one year after appointment, which best practice provision 5.1.4 of the Dutch
such period expiring on the day the first annual gen- Corporate Governance Code applies. The position
eral meeting of shareholders is held in the following of Mr. Elkann as executive Director in this commit-
calendar year. Short terms of office for board mem- tee follows inter alia from the duties of the ESG
bers are customary for companies listed in the U.S. Committee, which are more extensive than the du-
As the Company is listed on the NYSE, the Company ties of a selection and appointment committee and
also follows certain common U.S. governance prac- include duties that warrant participation of an exec-
tices, one of which is the reappointment of our utive Director in the view of the Company.
Directors at each annual general meeting of share-
holders. In light of this term of office, the Company ITALIAN CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
does not have a retirement schedule in place.
As regards the Italian framework for corporate
Best practice provision 4.1.8 of the Dutch governance, the Company is aware that a corporate
Corporate Governance Code: Management board governance code (the “Italian CGC”) has been issued
and supervisory board members nominated for by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., applicable to all companies
appointment should attend the general meeting at with shares listed on Euronext Milan starting from
which votes will be cast on their nomination. January 2021.
As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s cor-
Pursuant to best practice provision 4.1.8 of the Dutch porate governance structure is substantially in line
Corporate Governance Code, every executive and with all the principles and recommendations set
non-executive Director nominated for appointment forth in the Italian CGC, especially due to the fact that
should attend the general meeting at which votes the Company has adopted, and complies with, the
will be cast on its nomination. Since, pursuant to Dutch Corporate Governance Code, which contains
Article 14.3 of the Articles of Association, the term of principles and best practice provisions largely sim-
office of Directors is approximately one year, such ilar to those highlighted in the Italian CGC, exception
period expiring on the day the first annual gener- being made for the following:
al meeting of shareholders of the Company is held
in the following calendar year, all members of the a) The independent Chair of the Board of
Board of Directors are nominated for (re)appoint- Directors cannot chair the control and risk committee
ment each year. By publishing the relevant biograph- (Article 2, Recommendation no. 7 of the Italian CGC).
ical details and curriculum vitae of each nominee
for (re)appointment, the Company ensures that the Our Senior Non-Executive Director and Chair of the
Company’s general meeting of shareholders is well Board of Directors, Mr. Duca, is also the Chairperson
informed in respect of the nominees for (re)appoint- of the Audit Committee, which is not in line with best
ment and in practice only the Chairman, the Chief practice provision under Article 2, Recommendation
Executive Officer and the Vice-Chairman will there- no. 7 of the Italian CGC. The Company believes that Mr.
fore be present at the general meeting. Duca, in light of his extensive experience with audits
and his knowledge in this respect, brings a valuable
Best practice provision 5.1.4 of the Dutch Corporate contribution to the Audit Committee and therefore
Governance Code: Neither the audit committee believes it is in Ferrari’s best interest and appropri-
nor the remuneration committee can be chaired ate for Mr. Duca to chair the Audit Committee.
b) In large companies, the Board of Directors for the appointment of, at least, the Chief Executive
expresses its guidelines on the maximum number Officer, which provides for, inter alia, the involvement
of offices that can be considered compatible with of, inter alia, a specific committee (i.e., the CEO Search
an effective performance and the time commitment Committee), who will assist the ESG Committee with
required by the role of the directors. The relevant selecting a new candidate for this office.
offices are those held in corporate bodies of other
listed companies or of companies having a signif- EXCHANGE CONTROLS
icant size (Article 3, Recommendation no. 15 of the
Italian CGC) Under Dutch law, there are no exchange control
restrictions on investments in, or payments on, the
Applicable Dutch corporate law already expressly Ferrari common shares. There are no special re-
regulates the maximum number of offices that may strictions in the Ferrari Articles of Association or
be held by directors. Pursuant to Dutch law, persons Dutch law that limit the right of shareholders who
may not be appointed as non-executive Directors if are not citizens or residents of the Netherlands to
such persons are non-executive director, member hold or vote the Ferrari common shares.
of the supervisory board or other similar bodies
for five or more (Dutch) companies of a certain size
and such persons cannot be appointed as executive REPORT OF THE NON-EXECUTIVE
Directors if such persons are non-executive direc- DIRECTORS
tor at more than two other (Dutch) companies of a
certain size or if such person is the chairperson of
the board of supervisors or the one tier board of INTRODUCTION
another (Dutch) company of a certain size. Ferrari is
compliant with the abovementioned Dutch limits. This is the report of the non-executive Directors of
the Company over the financial year 2025, as re-
c) In large companies, the Board of Directors ferred to in best practice provision 5.1.5 of the Dutch
elaborates, with the support of the nomination com- Corporate Governance Code, and it provides fur-
mittee, a plan for the succession of the Chief Executive ther information on the performance of the non-ex-
Officer and executive directors by identifying, at least, ecutive Directors’ duties throughout 2025.
the procedures to be followed in the event of an early It is the responsibility of the non-executive
termination of office (Article 4, Recommendation no. Directors to supervise the policies carried out by
24 of the Italian CGC) the executive Directors and the general affairs of
the Company and its affiliated enterprise, including
The Company’s Board of Directors believes that the the implementation of the strategy of the Company
members of the Board of Directors itself – chosen regarding sustainable long-term value creation. Inter
and appointed on the basis of their respective ex- alia, non-executive Directors should focus on the
pertise, level of professionalism and knowledge of effectiveness of the Company’s internal risk man-
the Company’s business – would be capable to carry agement and control systems and the integrity and
out (in the absence, due to early termination of the quality of the financial reporting and the sustainabil-
office, of the Chief Executive Officer and/or any oth- ity reporting. It is also the responsibility of the non-ex-
er executive officer) the ordinary business of the ecutive Directors to determine the remuneration
Company until the appointment, by the competent of the executive Directors and to nominate candi-
corporate body, of the new Chief Executive Officer dates for the Director appointments. In so doing, the
and/or other executive officer(s). non-executive Directors act solely in the interest of
Further, the Company’s Board of Directors the Company. With a view of maintaining supervision
believes that the decision whether to adopt a succes- on the Company, the non-executive Directors regu-
sion plan shall be further analysed bearing in mind larly discuss Ferrari’s long-term business plans, the
the sensitivity of the topic. implementation of such plans and the risks associ-
Furthermore, the Company believes that the ated with such plans with the executive Directors.
overall system of delegated powers adopted by the According to the Articles of Association, the
Company is sufficient to mitigate the risk of a vacancy Board of Directors is a single board and consists of
for an executive Director or a senior manager and three or more members, comprising both members
ensure the continuity of the Company’s business. The having responsibility for the day-to-day manage-
overall system of delegated powers adopted by the ment of Ferrari (executive Directors) and members
Company already includes a succession plan for the not having such day-to-day responsibility (non-ex-
top management which in the Company is represented ecutive Directors). The tasks of the executive and
by the Ferrari Leadership Team. The Company believes non-executive Directors in a one-tier board such as
that the above measures help the Company achieving the Company’s Board of Directors may be allocated
the objective underlying the Code’s principles and in under or pursuant to the Articles of Association, pro-
any case contributes to good corporate governance. vided that the general meeting of shareholders has
Finally, it should be noted that the Company’s Board of stipulated whether such Director is appointed as
Directors has already defined a procedure to be applied executive or as non-executive Director and further-
167
168
more provided that the task to supervise the perfor- adoption and implementation of the strategies and
mance by the Directors of their duties can only be per- policies by the Group, reviewed this annual report,
formed by the non-executive Directors. Regardless including the Compensation Report and the Group’s
of an allocation of tasks, all Directors remain col- financial results, received updates on legal and
lectively responsible for the proper management compliance matters and they have been regularly
and strategy of the Company (including supervision involved in the review and approval of transactions
thereof in case of non-executive Directors). entered into with related parties. The non-execu-
Details of the current composition of the Board tive Directors have also reviewed the reports of the
of Directors, including the non-executive Directors, Board of Directors and its committees and the rec-
and its committees are set forth in the section “Board ommendations for the appointment of Directors.
of Directors”.
MEETINGS AND ATTENDANCE
SUPERVISION BY THE NON-EXECUTIVE
DIRECTORS In 2025, there were five meetings of the Board of
Directors. The average attendance at those meetings
The non-executive Directors supervise the policies was 98.33 percent. During multiple of these meet-
carried out by the executive Directors and the gen- ings, the FLT was invited to give presentations on var-
eral affairs of the Company and its affiliated enter- ious topics, which included, but were not limited to,
prise. In so doing, the non-executive Directors have the three Company’s dimensions (Sports Car, Racing
also focused on the effectiveness of the Company’s and Lifestyle), our business plan and other business,
internal risk management and control systems, the governance and financial matters, annual, semi-an-
integrity and quality of the financial reporting and nual and quarterly financial statements, as well as
Ferrari’s long-term business plans, the implementa- commercial regional updates, technologies, HR and
tion of such plans and the risks associated. ESG. Portions of these meetings took place with the
The non-executive Directors also determine the participation of the non-executive Directors, without
remuneration of the executive Directors and nom- the executive Directors or any other attendees being
inate candidates for the Director appointments. present. This enabled the non-executive Directors to
Furthermore, the Board of Directors may allocate independently review and discuss certain matters.
certain specific responsibilities to one or more indi- In addition, the Senior Non-Executive Director and
vidual Directors or to a committee comprised of eli- the Chief Executive Officer held regular one-to-one
gible Directors of the Company and subsidiaries of meetings. Members of the Board of Directors also
the Company. In this respect, the Board of Directors engaged with various levels of management to re-
has allocated certain specific responsibilities to the main well-informed about the Company’s operations.
Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and All non-executive Directors set aside adequate time
the ESG Committee. Further details on the manner in to give sufficient attention to the Company’s matters.
which these committees have carried out their duties An overview of the attendance of the individual
are set forth in the sections “The Audit Committee”, “The Directors per meeting of the Board of Directors and
Compensation Committee” and “The ESG Committee”. its committees set out against the total number of
The non-executive Directors supervised the such meetings is set out below:
Name Meeting Board of Audit Committee ESG Committee Compensation
Directors Committee
John Elkann 5/5 — 1/1 —
Benedetto Vigna 5/5 — — —
Piero Ferrari 5/5 — — 2/2
Sergio Duca 5/5 8/8 — —
Delphine Arnault 4/5 — 1/1 —
Francesca Bellettini 5/5 7/8 — —
Eddy Cue 5/5 — 1/1 2/2
John Galantic 5/5 — — 2/2
Tommaso Ghidini 3/3 — — —
Maria Patrizia Grieco 5/5 8/8 — —
Adam Keswick 5/5 — — —
Mike Volpi 5/5 — — —
BOARD FOCUS included a variety of competencies and demon-
strated unity, strategic clarity and strong steward-
The key topics that were discussed during the Board ship of the Ferrari mission.
of Directors’ meetings included, but were not limit- In accordance with the ESG Committee Charter,
ed to, the three Company’s dimensions (Sports Car, the ESG Committee assists and advises the Board of
Racing and Lifestyle), the business plan, business, Directors with respect to periodic assessment of the
governance and financial matters, annual, semi-annu- performance of individual Directors. In this respect,
al and quarterly financial statements, as well as com- the ESG Committee has, amongst others, the duties
mercial regional updates, technologies, HR and ESG. and responsibilities to review annually the Board of
Directors’ performance and the performance of its
INDEPENDENCE OF THE NON-EXECUTIVE committees and to review each Director’s continua-
DIRECTORS tion on the Board of Directors at appropriate regular
intervals as determined by the ESG Committee.
The non-executive Directors are required by Dutch In 2025, the ESG Committee’s periodic assess-
law to act solely in the interest of the Company. The ments took place during the meeting held on February
Dutch Corporate Governance Code stipulates the 18. During that meeting, the ESG Committee focused
corporate governance rules relating to the inde- on the results of the periodic assessments and the
pendence of non-executive Directors and requires performance of the Board of Directors, its com-
under most circumstances that a majority of the mittees and the individual Directors, keeping also
non-executive Directors be “independent”. into account the self-assessment prepared by each
Currently, ten out of ten non-executive Directors Director. During such meeting and on the basis of
are considered to be independent under the NYSE such evaluations, the ESG Committee dealt also with
definition while nine non-executive Directors are the directors’ nomination process, the assessment of
considered to be independent under the Dutch Directors’ qualifications, the size and composition of
Corporate Governance Code given the right of usu- the Board of Directors and its committees, as well as
fruct Mr. Pierro Ferrari holds over shares (includ- the recommendations for Directors’ election, in which
ing the right to exercise the voting rights of such the outcome of the evaluations has been reflected.
shares) held by Trust Piero Ferrari (as described in The non-executive Directors have been regu-
this Annual Report). Mr. Sergio Duca, the Senior Non- larly informed by each committee as referred to in
Executive Director of the Board of Directors, is inde- best practice provision 2.3.5 of the Dutch Corporate
pendent under the Dutch Corporate Governance Governance Code and the conclusions of those
Code in accordance with best practice provision committee were taken into account when drafting
2.1.9 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. this report of the non-executive Directors.
Ferrari is of the opinion that the independency The non-executive Directors were able to
requirements as referred to in best practice provi- review and evaluate the performance of the
sion 2.1.10 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code Audit Committee, the ESG Committee and the
are met by the Company. Compensation Committee based on the assess-
ments made by the ESG Committee. The self-assess-
EVALUATION BY THE NON-EXECUTIVE ments of the Committees were also discussed by the
DIRECTORS Board of Directors. The outcome of the evaluations is
that there is no need to amend the size or composition
The non-executive Directors are responsible for of the Audit Committee, the ESG Committee and the
supervising the Board of Directors and its commit- Compensation Committee, nor is there any reason to
tees, as well as the individual executive and non-ex- amend their charters on this basis. Further details on
ecutive Directors, and are assisted by the ESG the manner in which these committees have carried
Committee in this respect. Each year, the Board of out their duties, are set forth in sections “The Audit
Directors formally assesses its performance, in- Committee”, “The Compensation Committee” and
cluding with respect to its composition, diversity “The ESG Committee”.
and how effectively its members work together, On the basis of the preparations by the ESG
with the aim of helping to improve the effective- Committee, the non-executive Directors were able
ness of the functioning of the Board of Directors to review the Board of Director’s assessments, the
and its committees. individual Directors’ assessments and the recom-
In particular, the non-executive Directors are mendation for Directors’ election. The Board of
expected to meet annually in order to discuss their Directors concluded that each of the Directors con-
own functioning, the functioning of the Board of tinues to demonstrate commitment to its respective
Directors and its committees, and the function- role in the Company.
ing of the executive Directors, in accordance with Also, pursuant to the Compensation Committee
best practice provisions 2.2.6 and 2.2.7 of the Dutch Charter, the Compensation Committee implements
Corporate Governance Code. The results of the and oversees the remuneration policy as it applies
most recent evaluation were discussed during a to non-executive Directors, executive Directors
Board of Directors meeting, and confirmed that the and senior officers reporting directly to the exec-
Board operated effectively with sufficient diversity, utive Directors. The Compensation Committee
169
170
administers all the equity incentive plans and the 4. The level of assurance of the internal risk man-
deferred compensation benefits plans. On the basis agement and control systems provide that op-
of the assessments performed, the non-executive erational and compliance risks are effectively
Directors determine the remuneration of the exec- managed and no significant deficiency in the ef-
utive Directors and nominate candidates for the fectiveness of the internal risk management and
Director appointments. control systems has been identified. As further
The non-executive Directors have supervised described in the “Risk Management Process and
the performance of the Audit Committee, the Internal Control System” section of this Annual
Compensation Committee and the ESG Committee. Report, the Board of Directors provides insight
into the level of certainty that the internal risk
management and control systems provide with
RESPONSIBILITIES IN RESPECT TO regard to the effective control of the Company’s
THE ANNUAL REPORT operational and compliance risks.
5. Based on the current state of affairs, it is justified
that the financial reporting is prepared on a go-
The Board of Directors is responsible for preparing ing concern basis (please refer to Note 1 to the
the Annual Report, inclusive of the Consolidated and Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual
Company Financial Statements and Board Report, in Report and Note 2 to the Company Financial
accordance with Dutch law and International Financial Statements of this Annual Report for additional
Reporting Standards as issued by the International information on the basis of preparation).
Accounting Standards Board and as adopted by the 6. The Board Report includes material risks, as
European Union (IFRS Accounting Standards). referred to in best practice provision 1.2.1 of
In accordance with Section 5:25c, paragraph 2 of the Dutch Governance Code, as well as uncer-
the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (AFS), the Board tainties, to the extent that they are relevant for
of Directors states that, to the best of its knowl- the Company’s continuity for a period of twelve
edge, the Consolidated and Company Financial months after the preparation of this report
Statements prepared in accordance with IFRS (please refer to sections “Risk Management
Accounting Standards as adopted by the European Process and Internal Control System” and “Risk
Union provide a true and fair view of the assets, lia- Factors” of this Annual Report).
bilities, financial position and profit or loss for the
year of the Company and its subsidiaries and that This statement is solely made for the purposes of
the Board Report provides a true and a fair view of compliance with the best practice provision 1.4.3 of
the performance of the business during the finan- the Dutch Governance Code and does not constitute
cial year and the position at the balance sheet date an attestation under section 404 of the Sarbanes-
of the Company and its subsidiaries, together with a Oxley Act or any other form of in-control statement
description of the principal risks and uncertainties or attestation.
that the Company and the Group face.
In accordance with best practice provision 1.4.3
of the Dutch Governance Code, the Board of Directors
hereby as of December 31, 2025 states that:
February 19, 2026
1. The Board Report provides sufficient insights
into any significant deficiency in the effec- [Board of Directors]
tiveness of the internal risk management and John Elkann
control systems (please refer to section “Risk Benedetto Vigna
Management Process and Internal Control Piero Ferrari
System” of this Annual Report). Sergio Duca
2. The internal risk management and control sys- Delphine Arnault
tems provide reasonable assurance that the fi- Francesca Bellettini
nancial reporting does not contain any material Eddy Cue
inaccuracies (please refer to section “Principal John Galantic
Characteristics of the Internal Control System Tommaso Ghidini
and Internal Control over Financial Reporting” of Maria Patrizia Grieco
this Annual Report). Adam Keswick
3. The internal risk management and control Mike Volpi
systems provide at least limited assurance
that sustainability reporting is free from ma-
terial misstatements (please refer to section
“Sustainability Statement / ESRS 2 - General dis-
closures / Governance / Risk management and
internal controls over sustainability reporting” of
this Annual Report).
SUSTAINABILITY
STATEMENT
175
INDEX
ESRS 2 – General disclosures 179 E5 – Resource Use S3 – Affected Communities 291
and Circular Economy 252
EU Taxonomy 220 S4 – Consumers and End-users 296
S1 – Own Workforce 258
E1 – Climate Change 230 G1 – Business Conduct 305
S2 – Workers in the Value Chain 285
E2 – Pollution 249
177
179
ESRS 2 – GENERAL
DISCLOSURES
BASIS FOR PREPARATION Any exceptions, with regard to the scope of this data,
are clearly indicated throughout this Statement.
Please note that the quantitative metrics of
ESRS 2 BP-1, BP-2 Scope 3 GHG emissions and quantities of sub-
stances of concern, related to metrics E1-6 and
Through this Sustainability Statement, we aim to pro- E2-5, are based on estimates and assumption sub-
vide sustainability-related information and illustrate ject to a high level of measurement uncertainty. For
our sustainability strategy and our corporate social further detail about the calculation methodology
responsibility initiatives in 2025 (from January 1, 2025, and uncertainty associated, please refer to “E1—
to December 31, 2025) to ensure a transparent and Climate change—Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG
structured communication with our stakeholders. Emissions” and “E2—Pollution—Metrics related to
The sustainability statement for 2025 is prepared Substances of concern and substances of very high
in accordance with the requirements from the concern”, respectively.
European Sustainability Reporting Standard (ESRS) Any changes in the preparation and presenta-
issued by the European Financial Reporting Advisory tion of sustainability information with regard to the
Group (EFRAG). While the Dutch implementation of the previous reporting period are adequately indicated
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) alongside each indicator together with the revised
is still pending, we believe in proactive sustainability comparative figures to guarantee comparability.
reporting and have chosen to voluntarily prepare our The reporting frequency will be annual, and
reports in accordance with the CSRD standards. We the Group has made use, in accordance with EU
also acknowledge the ongoing “Omnibus” amend- Delegated Regulation 2025/1416, also for the 2025
ments proposed at EU level, aimed at simplifying financial year, of the gradual application (phase-in)
and refining certain CSRD, ESRS and EU Taxonomy provisions set out in Annex C of ESRS 1, except for
requirements. Several operating departments of S1-7, S1-13, S1-14.
the Group have been actively involved in the process In this Statement, we define as significant the
of data gathering and report drafting to shape this fines that are above the financial materiality thresh-
Statement. This was prepared under the supervision old considered for the Consolidated Financial
of Ferrari Group’s Chief Financial Officer and was Statements. For more details on how it was deter-
shared with the FLT and with the ESG Committee of mined, please refer to the Independent Auditor’s
the Board of Directors. The IROs (defined as Impacts, Report in this Report. In addition, for the actions indi-
Risks and Opportunities) were approved by the Audit cated in each chapter, we define as significant the
Committee of the Board of Directors. amount of operational and capital expenditures that
This Statement has been prepared on a consoli- exceeds the threshold of € 4.7 million.
dated basis. The scope of consolidation corresponds
to Ferrari N.V.’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Sustainability Statement covers our upstream GOVERNANCE
and downstream value chain with respect to policies
and actions related to material IROs identified along
our value chain (for more details refer to “ESRS 2— THE ROLE OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE,
General disclosures—Impacts, risks and opportu- MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES
nities management”), and GHG Scope 3 emissions
metrics (please refer to “E1—Climate change—Gross
Scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG Emissions”). ESRS 2 GOV-1
We did not use the option to omit a specific piece
of information corresponding to intellectual prop- Ferrari N.V. is a public limited liability company, in-
erty, know-how or the results of innovation. Any corporated under the laws of the Netherlands. The
exemption from disclosure of impending develop- Company is the holding company of the Ferrari
ments or matters in the course of negotiation, as Group following the separation of the Ferrari busi-
provided for in articles 19a (3) and 29a (3) of Directive ness from FCA, now Stellantis. In this section, the
2013/34/EU, is used. “Company” refers to Ferrari N.V. The Company quali-
180
fies as a foreign private issuer under the NYSE listing operational matters, the executive Directors are sup-
standards and its common shares are listed on the ported by the FLT, which is responsible for reviewing
NYSE and on Euronext Milan. the operating performance of the businesses, collab-
The Board of Directors as a whole is responsi- orating on certain operational matters, supporting
ble for the strategy of the Company. The Board of the executive Directors with their tasks and execut-
Directors appointed the following internal commit- ing decisions of the Board of Directors and the day-
tees: (i) an Audit Committee, (ii) an ESG Committee, to-day management of the Company, primarily to the
and (iii) a Compensation Committee. On certain key extent it relates to the operational management.
As of December 31, 2025, our Board of Directors is composed of twelve
Directors as shown in the table below:
Directors Nationality Executive Non Independent Committees Directors Directors Roles in
Executive first term current other listed
NYSE Dutch Audit Compensation ESG from2 term companies3
Rules Code from
John IT April 15, April 16, 3
Elkann 20164 2025
(Executive
Chairman
and
Executive
Benedetto IT September April 16, 0
Vigna 16, 20215 2025
(Chief
Executive
Officer)
Piero IT January 2, April 16, 1
Ferrari 2016 2025
(Vice
Chairman)
Sergio IT January 2, April 16, 0
Duca 2016 2025
(Chair of
the Board
and Senior
Non-
Executive)
Delphine FR April 15, April 16, 2
Arnault 2016 2025
Francesca IT April 16, April 16, 0
Bellettini 2020 2025
Eddy Cue US January 2, April 16, 0
2016 2025
John US, CH April 16, April 16, 0
Galantic 2020 2025
Tommaso IT April 16, April 16, 0
Ghidini 2025 2025
Maria IT April 15, April 16, 2
Patrizia 2016 2025
Grieco
Adam UK April 15, April 16, 1
Keswick 2016 2025
Mike Volpi US April 14, April 16, 2
2023 2025
181
According to the applicable laws and the Regulation In percentage terms, the share of independent
of the Board, no works council or similar employee members of the Board members according to the
participation bodies are required to be established NYSE rules is 83%, whereas according to the Dutch
at the level of the Company. Corporate Governance Code the percentage is 75%.
None of the members of the Board of Directors have
held similar positions in public administration (includ-
ing regulators) in the past two years.
DIVERSITY ON THE BOARD DIRECTORS
BOARD MEMBERS BY AGE AND GENDER
at December 31, 2025
<30 years old 30-50 years old >50 years old Total Total %
Male — 1 8 9 75%
Female — 1 2 3 25%
Other — — — — —%
Not disclosed — — — — —%
Total — 2 10 12 100%
Total % —% 17% 83% 100%
at December 31, 2024
<30 years old 30-50 years old >50 years old Total Total %
Male — 1 7 8 73%
Female — 1 2 3 27%
Other — — — — —%
Not disclosed — — — — —%
Total — 2 9 11 100%
Total % —% 18% 82% 100%
A further aspect of diversity within the Board is na- each of these aspects key drivers to support the above-
tionality: 58.3 percent of its members are of Italian mentioned goals and to achieve sufficient diversity of
nationality, while 41.7 percent have other nationalities. views and the expertise needed for a proper under-
Additionally, gender diversity of the Audit Committee standing of current affairs and longer-term risks and
is 66.7 percent, of the Compensation Committee is 0 opportunities related to the Company’s business. The
percent, and of the ESG Committee is 33.3 percent. Board of Directors and its ESG Committee consider
The Board’s gender diversity gap is calculated as an such factors when evaluating nominees for election to
average ratio of female to male Board Members. the Board of Directors and during the annual perfor-
mance assessment process. The Diversity Policy cov-
DIVERSITY POLICY ers the following opportunity: “Diversity of governing
body/executive team - The capabilities and perspec-
The Board of Directors adopted an updated diversity tives of board/executive team members are important
policy for the Board of Directors (the “Diversity Policy”) for making robust decisions on an ongoing basis”.
effective as of September 14, 2023, since the Company The most senior level in Ferrari accountable for
believes that diversity in the composition of the Board of the implementation and monitoring of the policy is the
Directors in terms of age, sex, gender, nationality, exper- ESG Committee. The policy is available on the corpo-
tise, experience, competencies, or other personal qual- rate website.
ities, and cultural or other background is an important
means of promoting debate, balanced decision making BOARD OF DIRECTORS DIVERSITY TARGETS
and independent actions of the Board of Directors.
The Diversity Policy6 gives weight to the following In 2022, the Company has set the following concrete tar-
diversity factors in Board of Directors composition: age, gets to be achieved by 2027: (a) at least 30% of the seats
sex, gender, nationality, expertise, experience, compe- of the Board of Directors to be occupied by women and
tencies, or other personal qualities, and professional at least 30% by men; (b) at least 33% of the seats of the
cultural or other background. The Company considers non-executive members of the Board of Directors to
182
183
be occupied by women and at least 33% by men; (c) the As of December 31, 2025, the Company has
nationality of the members of the Board of Directors to achieved (i) the target on nationality and (ii) the age
be reasonably consistent with the geographic presence target and is working to reach its gender targets. Due
of the Company’s business, and no nationality should to the appointment of one extra male to the Board
count for more than 60% of the members of the Board of Directors compared to 2024, the percentage of
of Directors; and (d) diversity in the age of the members women in the Board as a whole has dropped just
of the Board of Directors by having one or more mem- below the 30 percent target.
bers of the Board of Directors aged under 50 at the day The ESG Committee periodically monitors gender
of their nomination; provided that, in the candidate se- targets during the nomination process and for the
lection process, rules and generally accepted principles updating of the Annual Report.
of non-discrimination (on grounds such as ethnic origin, These targets have been defined in compliance
race, disability or sexual orientation) will be taken into ac- with the Dutch law and aim to be both challenging and
count. Given the current composition of the Board of the achievable.
Company in a one-tier system, composed only by two (2)
executive directors (of the same gender), the Company OUR DECISION-MAKING PROCESS
has decided not to set a specific gender diversity target
for executive directors in the Policy while targets have Roles and responsibilities for impacts and risks are
been set for the Board of Directors as a whole. formally defined into specific regulations that are
To ensure its correct implementation, the Diversity available on the Ferrari corporate website, includ-
Policy is taken into account in the nomination of exec- ing the Regulations of the Board of Directors, the
utive Directors, and in the adoption of a profile for ESG Committee Charter, and the Audit Committee
non-executive Directors as well as in nominating and Charter. For additional information, please refer to the
recommending non-executive Directors. Meeting “Corporate Governance” chapter.
the Board of Directors’ diversity targets creates the Within each paragraph the function responsible
following material opportunity for the Company: for the IROs involved will be indicated.
“Diversity of governing body/executive team - The Integrating sustainability into our Company relies
capabilities and perspectives of board/executive on a formal structure with clear accountabilities
team members are important for making robust deci- across different levels of the organization.
sions on an ongoing basis”.
Board of Directors (Executive Level)
• ESG Committee
• Audit Committee
Chief Executive Officer • Compensation Committee
Chief Financial Officer
(responsible for sustainability)
Ferrari Leadership Team
ESG Strategic Committee
• Members of Company management
• Meets every quarter
• Reviews and validates sustainability
strategy, committments and targets
Working Groups (Operational Level)
Green Sustainability Steering Committee
• Cross functional representatives
• Meets periodically
• Coordinate development and
deployment of specific cross-functional
programs on carbon footprint topics
Diversity & Inclusion Committee
• Cross functional representatives
• Meet periodically
• Coordinate development and
deployment of specific cross-functional
programs on diversity and inclusion
topics
184
Impacts, risks and opportunities are presented to dinates the development of a diverse and inclusive
the ESG Strategic Committee for evaluation and work culture within the organization. Fostering this
discussion. They are then submitted to the Audit culture not only enriches the working environment,
Committee for approval and are ultimately ap- but also drives greater innovation and creativity, key
proved by the Board of Directors along with the elements for the organization’s sustainable success.
Sustainability Statement. Whereas, the Green Sustainability Steering
As of today, each function involved is accountable Committee, led by the Head of Carbon Neutrality
for implementing controls and procedures to man- and Supplier Relations, has the priority to reach our
age relevant negative and positive impacts with sup- decarbonization targets by 2030, addressing direct
port from the sustainability function, as well as ESG and indirect GHG emissions, focusing on energy and
opportunities. With reference to ESG risks, the man- materials, in addition to our electrification journey.
agement’s role in governance processes, as well as
controls and procedures used to monitor, manage
and oversee them, is defined in the “Risk Management
Process and Internal Control System” chapter. For
more details on controls and procedures to manage
the IROs refer to the following chapters.
The FLT is responsible for reviewing the operat-
ing performance of the business, collaborating on
certain operational matters, supporting the Chief
Executive Officer with his tasks and executing the
decisions of the Board of Directors and the day-to-
day management of the Company, primarily as it
relates to operational management. All FLT mem-
bers are executive officers. Please find in “S1—Own
Workforce—Metrics related to Own Workforce—
Gender distribution of Senior Managers level” a chart
representing the Ferrari Leadership Team by gen-
der as of December 31, 2025.
The FLT is led by the Chief Executive Officer and is
composed of the heads of the operating and central
functions. We have defined cross-functional com-
mittees, responsible for cross-functional projects,
to sustain excellence in every area, among which
the ESG Strategic Committee. The ESG Strategic
Committee, composed of all the members of the
FLT, is in charge of defining the ESG strategy of the
Ferrari Group and of monitoring the achievement of
the ESG targets.
Our Chief Financial Officer, a member of the FLT
and Head of the ESG Strategic Committee, is respon-
sible for the sustainability function. It oversees the
sustainability activities within the Group, promot-
ing dialog between different teams and functions,
identifying impacts and opportunities as well as
supporting risk identification. Moreover, the sustain-
ability function directly defines or contributes to the
approval of ESG targets. The Chief Financial Officer
periodically reports back to the Board of Directors
on the management of the organization’s impacts, as
well as the setting and progress of ESG targets and
the definition of remediation plans if required.
At the operational level, we have established
two committees focused on specific environmental
and social issues, responsible for translating strat-
egies into concrete decisions and action plans. The
Diversity and Inclusion Committee, headed by the
Chief Human Resources Officer, focuses on gender
diversity, disability inclusion, generational diver-
sity and educational opportunities. Moreover, the
Diversity and Inclusion office promotes and coor-
185
BOARD OF DIRECTORS EXPERTISE
As of December 31, 2025, the members of the Board of Directors had the
skills shown in the table below:
Skill Area Corporate Financial Corporate Digital and Innovation ESG Automotive and Luxury
governance and management cybersecurity motorsport goods
and risk accounting industry industry
management knowledge knowledge
John Elkann
(Executive
Chairman
and Executive
Benedetto Vigna
(Chief Executive
Officer)
Piero Ferrari
(Vice Chairman
and non-Executive
Sergio Duca
(Senior Non-
Executive
Delphine Arnault
Francesca
Bellettini
Eddy Cue
John Galantic
Tommaso Ghidini
Maria Patrizia
Grieco (Non-
Executive
Adam Keswick
Mike Volpi
All Board Members have knowledge and expertise luxury goods industry, as well as in ESG. Furthermore,
in business ethics, corporate governance and reg- the IROs related to Ethics and Business Conduct ben-
ulatory affairs. Moreover, more than half of Board efit from Corporate Governance and Risk manage-
Members have developed experience in social en- ment expertise. Digital and cybersecurity Board skills
gagements and en nnnvironmental issues. With enable them to accurately oversee the IROs related
these skills they are able to better oversee sustain- to the Data Responsibility and Privacy topics.
ability matters and manage impacts, risks and oppor- In the event of updates to internal and/or external
tunities. With reference to the IROs related to Quality regulations, the administrative, management and/
and Safety, Climate Change, Circular economy and or supervisory internal bodies may receive relevant
Natural Resources Management they benefit from training as deemed necessary.
the Board’s skills in the automotive, motorsport and
186
INFORMATION PROVIDED TO the FLT. The form and amount of compensation re-
AND SUSTAINABILITY MATTERS ceived by the Directors of Ferrari for the year ended
ADDRESSED BY THE UNDERTAKING’S December 31, 2025, was determined in accordance
with the remuneration policy.
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT
Our remuneration policy is aligned with Dutch
AND SUPERVISORY BODIES
law and the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. In
particular, the Dutch Corporate Governance Code
requires listed companies to disclose certain infor-
ESRS 2 GOV-2 mation about the compensation of their Board and
executive Directors. Through this remuneration
In 2025, the Board of Directors met five times, strategy, Ferrari fulfills the requirements of the
achieving an attendance rate of 98.33 percent. The Dutch Corporate Governance Code ensuring full
Board of Directors was informed twice by the Chief transparency with our shareholders.
Financial Officer and the Chief Human Resources The main goal of Ferrari’s remuneration strategy
Officer about material IROs and in particular, the ac- is to develop a system which consistently supports the
tivities implemented to reach our decarbonization business strategy and value creation for all sharehold-
targets, the educational projects with the local com- ers, establishing a compensation structure that allows
munity and employee development. All the discussed us to attract and retain the most highly qualified exec-
topics are linked to specific IROs that as a result were utive talents and motivate such executives to achieve
relevant in the double materiality assessment. business and financial goals that create long-term
In 2025, the Audit Committee met 8 times and the value for shareholders in a manner consistent with
average attendance rate was 95.83 percent. At these our core business and leadership values and taking
meetings several matters were discussed, including into account the social context around the Company.
the Audit Committee’s role and responsibilities, the The structure of the remuneration applicable
Company’s financial control and risk framework, to our executive Directors, non-executive Directors
risk assessment, internal control over financial and other key management under Ferrari’s remu-
reporting pursuant to the applicable rules, and a neration policy has not changed in 2025 and consists
financial overview of operating results. In particu- of the following elements:
lar, the Audit Committee reviewed Ferrari’s periodic
and yearly financial results and, with the assistance (i) Fixed Remuneration linked to the third pillar of
of the Chief Financial Officer and other Company Ferrari’s remuneration policy (Competitiveness)
officers, focused on key accounting and reporting with the objective of attracting, retaining and
matters as well as the main business drivers. In 2025, motivating our qualified executives and effective
the Committee was updated on the CSRD Directive leaders. For this reason, we periodically bench-
implementation as well as the stakeholder engage- mark comparable salaries paid to executives with
ment activity and approved the double materiality. similar experience by comparable companies;
In 2025, the ESG Committee met once with 100 (ii) Short-Term Incentives (STI) linked to the first and
percent attendance of its members at such meeting. second pillars of Ferrari’s remuneration policy
The Committee reviewed the Board of Directors’ (“Alignment with Ferrari’s Strategy” and “Pay
and Committee’s assessments, the Sustainability for Performance”) and tied to specific finan-
achievement and objectives, and the recommenda- cial targets which are set at challenging levels;
tions for Directors’ election. short-term incentives are also linked to the con-
In 2025, the Compensation Committee met twice tribution of the individual member (“Individual
with 100 percent attendance of its members at such Performance Factor”) in order to motivate its
meeting. The Compensation Committee reviewed beneficiaries to achieve challenging targets. In
the compensation report. Further information on particular, Ferrari’s 2025 achievements, suc-
the activities of the Compensation Committee is cess and developments were driven by orga-
included in the compensation report. nization-wide alignment with the Company’s
strategy and values, through incentives that re-
ward the achievement of those goals;
INTEGRATION OF SUSTAINABILITY- (iii) Long-Term Incentives (LTI) linked to the first and
RELATED PERFORMANCE IN fourth pillars of Ferrari’s remuneration policy
INCENTIVE SCHEMES (“Alignment with Ferrari’s Strategy” and “Long-
Term Shareholder Value Creation”) with the aim
to align the behavior of executives critical to the
ESRS 2 GOV-3 business with shareholders’ interests, motivate
executives to achieve long-term strategic objec-
The description below summarizes the guidelines tives, and enhance retention of key resources;
and the principles followed by Ferrari in defining (iv) Non-Monetary Benefits which are related to
and implementing the remuneration policy appli- the overall remuneration and linked to the
cable to the executive Directors and non-executive third pillar of Ferrari’s remuneration policy
Directors of the Company, as well as members of (“Competitiveness”).
187
Regarding the LTI, during 2025, Ferrari had three tional to product development up to 2030. This
long-term equity incentive plans in place, consistent methodical approach ensures a progression to-
with the Company’s business plan presented at the wards the final targets established for the year
Capital Markets Day in October 2025 and awarding 2030, allowing for a consistent and measurable
to their beneficiaries, as the case may be, a com- tracking of the CO emission reduction efforts in
bination of performance share units (“PSUs”) and alignment with Ferrari’s long-term sustainability
restricted share units (“RSUs”), each representing objectives.
the right to receive one Ferrari common share. The 50 percent of it is based on the maintenance of
long-term equity incentive plans are based, among the Equal Salary certification or equivalent cer-
other factors, on an ESG-related Factor Goal which tification for Equity Incentive Plans 2023-2025
accounts for 20 percent of the total LTI performance. and 2024-2026. The award of this certification is
The ESG-related Factor Goal focuses on an based not only on equal pay for men and women,
Environment Factor and a Social Factor: but in a more extensive way on targets of con-
tinuous improvement of diversity and inclusion
50 percent of it is based on the Reduction CO culture and inclusive environment. For Equity
Carbon Emission following the milestones of Incentive Plans 2025-2027, the factor is based on
the Ferrari’s sustainability plan – Rolling KPI un- the level of female presence in sub-top positions,
til 2030: for the intermediate years leading up to set according to Ferrari’s Diversity Policy goal as
2030, the amount of the incentive attributed to well as ESG diversity target for management dis-
this KPI will be assessed based on targets calcu- closed in the Annual Report goals.
lated through a year-by-year reduction propor-
Percentage of variable remuneration dependent 12,3 12,3
on sustainability-related targets and (or) impacts (Long-term Incentive)
The Compensation Committee oversees the remu-
neration policy, remuneration plans and practices
of Ferrari and recommends changes when appro-
priate. The Committee is solely comprised of non-ex-
ecutive Directors who are independent pursuant to
the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Ferrari’s
current remuneration policy was approved by
shareholders at the 2024 AGM and will be resubmit-
ted to a vote by the Company’s General Meeting at
least every four years.
The Board of Directors determines the com-
pensation for our executive Directors following the
recommendation of the Compensation Committee
and with reference to the remuneration policy. The
compensation structure for executive Directors
and FLT members includes a fixed component and
a variable component based on short and long-term
performance.
For further information please refer to
“Remuneration of Directors”.
188
STATEMENT ON DUE DILIGENCE
ESRS 2 GOV-4
The table below provides a mapping of the information related to the due
diligence process.
CORE ELEMENTS OF DUE DILIGENCE PARAGRAPHS IN THE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
a) Embedding due diligence in governance, ESRS 2 - General disclosures | Governance | Information provided
strategy and business model to and sustainability matters addressed by the undertaking’s
administrative, management and supervisory bodies
ESRS 2 - General disclosures | Governance | Integration of
sustainability-related performance in incentive schemes
ESRS 2 - General disclosures | Impact, risks and opportunities
management
b) Engaging with affected stakeholders in all ESRS 2 - General disclosures | Strategy, business model and value
key steps of the due diligence chain | Interests and views of stakeholders
ESRS 2 - General disclosures | Impact, risks and opportunities
management
S1 - Own workforce | Engaging Own Workforce S2 - Workers in the
Value Chain | Engaging Value Chain Workers
S3 – Affected communities | Engaging Affected communities
S4 - Consumers and End-users | Engaging Consumers and End-
users
c) Identifying and assessing adverse impacts ESRS 2 - General disclosures | Impact, risks and opportunities
management
d) Taking actions to address those adverse impacts E1 - Climate Change | Action related to Climate Change
E2 - Pollution | Actions related to Substances of concern and
substances of very high concern
E5 - Resource Use and Circular Economy | Actions related to
Resource Use and Circular Economy
S1 - Own workforce | Actions related to Own Workforce
S2 - Workers in the Value Chain | Actions related to Workers in the
value Chain
S3 – Affected communities | Actions related to Affected
communities
S4 - Consumers and End-users | Actions related to Consumers and
End-users
G1 – Business Conduct | Management of relationships with suppliers
e) Tracking the effectiveness of these efforts E1 - Climate change | Targets related to Climate Change, Energy
and communicating consumption and mix, Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG
Emissions, GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed
through carbon credits, Internal carbon pricing
E2 - Pollution | Targets related to Substances of concern and
substances of very high concern, Metrics related to Substances of
concern and substances of very high concern
E5 - Resource use and circular economy | Targets related to
Resource Use and Circular Economy, Resource Inflows, Resource
Outflows
S1 - Own workforce | Targets related to Own Workforce, Metrics
related to Own Workforce
S2 - Workers in the value chain | Targets related to Workers in the
value Chain
S3 – Affected communities | Targets related to Affected
communities
S4 - Consumers and End-users | Targets related to Consumers and
End-users
Due diligence is an on-going practice that responds to and may trigger
changes in the Company’s strategy, business model, activities, business
relationships, operating, sourcing and selling contexts. The actions
described in the paragraphs referenced in the table above are the
starting point of a structured ESG due diligence activity, which will aim to
extend all suppliers in the coming years.
189
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL These risks have been mitigated through the imple-
CONTROLS OVER SUSTAINABILITY mentation of a control framework, mainly aimed to
REPORTING verify the completeness and accuracy of the dis-
closure and data related to Energy, Waste, F-gas,
Emissions, Social. Deadlines, actions, objectives and
ESRS 2 GOV-5 disclosure are ultimately reviewed by Management,
ESG Committee and Audit Committee. These controls
The sustainability reporting process is subject to in- are periodically reviewed and enhanced to maintain
ternal controls that are based on risk assessment. a high standard of governance and to respond to
In particular, the internal control system focuses on evolving regulatory and market requirements.
a set of disclosures identified as “high-priority” KPI, As mitigation strategies, envisaged controls (also
determined based on a list of selected parameters, at entity level) can be either preventive or detective,
such as feasibility, complexity, potential reputation- depending on whether they are aimed at finding
al and reporting risks. The high priority KPIs are in- potential misstatements (detective) or rather avoid
cluded in a “risk control matrix”, where controls are them (preventive). In relation to these mitigation
formalized and tracked. strategies, a monitoring plan was introduced to test
The internal control system has been defined the adequacy of the design and prospectively the
following the guidelines of the Internal Control effectiveness of the controls in place to mitigate and
over Sustainability Reporting (ICSR) issued by the reduce the identified risks. In case of any findings are
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the identified, action plans are promptly defined, agreed
Treadway Commission (COSO) and based on the with the involved parties, and monitored contributing
COSO Internal Control-Integrated Framework to an adequate mitigation of the underlying risks. The
(ICIF). For the set of selected KPIs, the entire data level of assurance of the internal risk management
flow is mapped from primary data collection to and control systems provide that material opera-
consolidation and final validation, clearly defining tional and compliance risks, related to sustainability,
roles and responsibilities. To mitigate the most rel- are effectively managed and no significant deficiency
evant risks resulting from those selected KPIs, the in the effectiveness of the internal risk management
Group has implemented internal control and gov- and control systems has been identified.
ernance procedures to ensure data consistency The Group Internal Control and Sox Compliance
and accuracy on the information presented in this Function is responsible for the risks mitigation and
Sustainability Statement. The nature and frequency related findings, and they periodically report updates
of the controls vary based on the risks associated and potential findings to the relevant management
with each KPI. Depending on the control to be per- and supervisory bodies, in particular the FLT and the
formed, different tools are used, including internal Audit Committee respectively.
files specifically designed to support the control
and various software.
The main risks identified involve potential mis- STRATEGY, BUSINESS MODEL AND
statements due to data elaboration or consolidation VALUE CHAIN
from primary sources.
In relation to the data points considered as “high
priority”, the risks identified are: ESRS 2 SBM-1
Potential misstatements due to incorrect manual Our strategy focuses on maintaining our leading po-
data entry, in relation to data referred to Energy, sition in the luxury performance sports car market,
Waste, F-gas, Emissions, and Social areas; while enhancing and protecting the value and exclu-
Potential misstatements due to incomplete data sivity of the Ferrari brand.
(in relation to the same areas of reporting as We aim to achieve profitable growth by pursuing
above); the following strategies:
Potential misstatements due to incoherent or
wrongly measured data (Energy, Waste, F-gas Low volumes and controlled growth;
and Social); Regular new model introductions and enhance-
Potential misstatements due to incorrect data ments;
extraction from IT systems (in relation to the Pursue excellence in racing and
same areas of reporting as above); Controlled growth in adjacent luxury and life-
Potential misstatements due to errors in calcula- style categories.
tions, in particular for GHG data and social data;
Potential misstatements due to wrong selection We will continue focusing our efforts on protect-
of conversion factors for calculations (Energy ing and enhancing the value of our brand to pre-
and GHG emissions) serve our strong financial profile and fuel long term
growth in existing and emerging markets, while ex-
panding the Ferrari brand to carefully selected life-
style categories.
190
To ensure tangible long-term value creation and a Proactively fostering best practice governance
continuing integration of our sustainability strategy, - Maintain Ferrari’s corporate governance and risk
we place particular emphasis on five pillars: management systems aligned with best practices to
ensure an ethical business conduct while providing
Exceeding expectations - Drive technological in- superior and sustainable returns to our sharehold-
novation while pursuing excellence in design and ers.
craftsmanship to fuel the passion of our clients and
enthusiasts. Reducing our environmental footprint - Increase
our environmental awareness to continuously set
Being the employer of choice - Provide an inclusive, and implement related programs and actions.
educational, and inspiring work environment to un-
leash everyone’s passion, creativity and talent. Creating and sharing value with the community -
Encourage strategic partnerships and the creation
of positive externalities for all stakeholders.
The connection between Ferrari Sustainability Strategy material topics,
relevant United Nations SDGs and Ferrari sustainability pillars is disclosed
in the table below:
Sustainability Aspiration Relevant United Nations SDGs Most relevant chapters Ferrari material topics
Pillars of this Sustainability
Statement
Exceeding Drive technological S4-Consumers and End- Quality and safety
expectations innovation while users
pursuing excellence
in design and
craftsmanship to fuel the
passion of our clients and
enthusiasts.
Reducing our Increase our E1-Climate Change Climate change
environmental environmental
footprint awareness to E2-Pollution Natural resources
continuously set and management
implement related
E5-Resource Use and Circular economy
programs and actions.
Circular Economy
Being the Provide an inclusive, S1-Own Workforce Talent attraction,
employer of educational, and retention and
choice inspiring work development
environment to unleash
everyone’s passion, S1-Own Workforce Health, safety and well-
creativity and talent. being
S1-Own Workforce Diversity and inclusion
Creating and Encourage strategic S3-Affected Responsibility towards
sharing value with partnerships and the Communities the community and
the community creation of positive future generations
externalities for all
stakeholders.
Proactively Maintain Ferrari’s G1-Business Conduct / Ethics and Business
fostering corporate governance S4-Consumers and End- Conduct
best practice and risk management users
governance systems aligned
with best practices S1-Own Workforce Human rights
to ensure an ethical S2-Workers in the Value
business conduct while Chain
providing superior and
S1-Own Workforce Data responsibility and
sustainable returns to
S4-Consumers and End- privacy
our shareholders.
users
191
The above-mentioned material topics have been after a period of ownership significantly exceeds
linked to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) that of any other brand in the luxury car segment,
that are impacted by our business. Each material particularly for models whose volumes are strictly
topic is analyzed in the subsequent chapters and in- limited (e.g. Special Series, Icona, Supercars).
cludes a qualitative description of the management In addition, we offer retail client financing for
approach and, where available, selected perfor- the purchase of our cars through the operations of
mance indicators. Ferrari Financial Services (“FFS”) in all our markets.
For additional information about the Ferrari Through FFS, we offer a range of flexible, bespoke
Strategy, please refer to the “Overview”. financial and ancillary services to clients (both cur-
Ferrari is a one segment company, its business rent and new) interested in purchasing a wide range
model is composed of three dimensions: Sports of cars, from our current product range to older
Cars, Racing and Lifestyle. pre-owned and classic models. FFS also provides
special financing arrangements to a selected group
SPORTS CARS of our most valuable and loyal customers.
Our markets are clustered into: (i) Europe, Middle
Within our sports car line-up, our offer comprises East and Africa (“EMEA”), (ii) Americas, (iii) Mainland
four main pillars: Range, Special Series, Icona and China, Hong Kong and Taiwan and (iv) Rest of Asia-
Supercar. Our current product portfolio includes Pacific (“APAC”), which represented respectively
nine Range models, four Special Series models, one 46.5 percent, 28.9 percent. 17.7 percent and 6.9
limited edition Icona model and one Supercar model. percent of units shipped in 2025. For more details,
We also produce limited edition One-Off cars from please refer to “Overview of Our Business—Sports
time to time. Car Line-Up”.
In 2025, we launched six new models: 296 For additional information about our products,
Speciale, 296 Speciale A, Amalfi, 849 Testarossa, 849 services and markets please refer to “Overview of
Testarossa Spider and the Ferrari Luce, our first full Our Business—Sports Car Line-Up”.
electric model that will join our Range model line-up.
The first reveal phase of the Ferrari Luce took place RACING
in October 2025, with the presentation of its key tech-
nical components and product development strat- Participation in the FIA Formula 1 World Championship
egy, and was followed in February 2026 by the unveil- with Scuderia Ferrari and in the World Endurance
ing of the interior design and the announcement of Championship with the Ferrari Endurance Team is a
the model’s name. core element of our marketing effort and promotion-
Our diversified product offering may include al activities, as well as an important source of inno-
different architectures, engine sizes, technologies, vation for the support of the technological advance-
body styles and seats. ment of Ferrari’s product portfolio. We also compete
We target end clients seeking high performance in the F1 Esports Championship with the Scuderia
cars with distinctive design, state-of-the-art technol- Ferrari Esports Team and we own the Mugello racing
ogy and outstanding driving dynamics to maximize circuit in Scarperia, near Florence, which we rent to
driving emotions. Our broad product portfolio is racing events organizers.
designed to fulfill the strategy of “different Ferrari For additional information about our products,
for different Ferraristi and different Ferrari for dif- services and markets please refer to “Overview of
ferent moments”, which means being able to offer a Our Business—Racing”.
highly differentiated product line-up that can meet
the varying needs of current and new customer LIFESTYLE
segments (in terms of sportiness, comfort, on-board
space and design, amongst others) and that can Ferrari’s presence in the wider luxury landscape is
allow our existing clients to use a Ferrari in various key to ensuring brand relevance across generations.
moments of their lives. The role of the Ferrari Lifestyle is to foster growth by
We believe that our clients can be divided into broadening our client base and expanding our value
two main categories: on the one hand, the “Sports proposition beyond our core business, while pre-
Car Driver”, a client looking for an elegant and under- serving our brand’s DNA, its heritage and values.
stated design, who likes driving cars in a variety of The goal and mission of our lifestyle strategy is
locations and conditions, alone or with passengers, bringing to life a universe that encapsulates Ferrari’s
and who uses Ferrari for longer journeys; on the DNA while accompanying our clients through differ-
other hand, the “Pilot”, a client looking for a high per- ent stages and moments of their lives.
forming and extreme sports car, who intends to drive Over the past years, to strengthen brand desir-
cars on track and on challenging roads, and who is ability, Ferrari entered into the personal luxury goods
looking for an exciting driving experience. We are segment, a critical segment to broaden our client base,
also actively engaged in after sales activities driven, amplifying cultural relevance for the brand especially
among other things, by the objective of preserving for future generations. We also launched our cloth-
and extending the market value of the cars we sell. ing and apparel collection through dedicated fashion
We believe our cars’ performance in terms of value shows. We created a new organizational structure,
192
formed by a dedicated and talented team with fash- Collectibles – builds on the concept of collectability by
ion and luxury expertise based in Milan and working enlarging and customizing the portfolio of available
closely with our team in Maranello. We rationalized Ferrari tokens and the offer of Ferrari-branded prod-
its licenses by terminating approximately half of its ucts such as high-end watches and high-end writ-
license agreements where the product offering and ing instruments, consumer electronics, sportswear,
distribution were not consistent with the positioning toys, leading video games, and other accessories.
of the Ferrari brand. We completed the rationalization Experience, through which we intend to nur-
of the retail network by closing 7 franchised stores ture our heritage and celebrate our craftsmanship
and 4 directly operated stores considered unsuitable through dedicated and tailor-made experiences. We
for Ferrari’s luxury positioning. We have since relo- capture the essence of the Ferrari spirit by immersing
cated and restyled our existing flagship boutiques customers in the racing history, passion and values
and opened 3 new ones in the United States. Our of Ferrari, through our Ferrari museums in Modena
international network of Ferrari Stores consisted of and Maranello (which attracted more than 890,000
16 Ferrari-owned directly operated stores and 2 fran- visitors in 2025), Il Cavallino restaurant in Maranello
chised stores as of December 31, 2025. and our theme parks in Abu Dhabi and Spain.
Looking ahead, the focus remains on delighting For additional information about our products,
our community of Ferraristi on one side and tifosi on services and markets please refer to “Overview of
the other. Our Business—Lifestyle”.
Ferrari Lifestyle has three pillars: Personal Although Ferrari is a one segment company,
Luxury Goods, Collectibles and Experience. each dimension corresponds to a group of products
Personal Luxury Goods – dedicated to our connected with different material actual impacts or
own refined collection – accessories, apparel and material potential negative impacts. In particular, in
selected merchandising – embodies the style, 2025, only the Lifestyle dimension did not account for
creativity and quality that we stand for, balanc- more than 10 percent of Ferrari’s revenues.
ing exclusiveness and inclusiveness through a Human capital is a crucial factor in our success,
carefully combined mix of product categories. building on our position as a global leader in the lux-
Importantly, we aim to further strengthen part- ury performance car sector and creating long-term
nerships with selected licensees, which will allow sustainable value. On December 31, 2025, we had a
us to play in complementary territories/catego- total of 5,718 employees, including 161 managers and
ries while being loyal to our brand’s DNA and posi- senior managers. Of these employees, 5,367 were
tioning. Through our network of directly operated based in Italy (primarily at our Maranello facility) and
stores, we offer a wide range of Ferrari branded 351 were based in offices around the world (includ-
products, including our fashion collection and ing 28 managers and senior managers), mostly in
selected merchandising and licenses. North America and China.
December 31,
White-collar employees and middle-managers 2,954 2,769 2,568
Italy 2,640 2,458 2,282
Rest of the world 314 311 286
Blue-collar employees 2,603 2,496 2,259
Italy 2,594 2,488 2,250
Rest of the world 9 8 9
Managers and senior managers 161 170 161
Total 5,718 5,435 4,988
No Ferrari product or service is banned in any market. ticular requirements. Our vehicles are designed in
As long as the sector specific ESRS are not avail- compliance with the regulatory standards of the
able, Ferrari will not be able to disclose the break- market for which it is intended, ensuring alignment
down of total revenue by significant ESRS sector. with local requirements.
Our sports cars concur to reach our decar- Our dedication to excellence and our pursuit of
bonization aspiration and our commercial strategy innovation, cutting-edge performance, and distinc-
depends on the following product strategy: Different tion in design and engineering in our luxury cars are
Ferrari for different Ferraristi and different Ferrari intrinsically linked to our commitment to integrity,
for different moments. This ensures maximum flex- transparency, and responsibility in every aspect of
ibility for our clients, hence to date, Ferrari has not our business operations.
identified specific customer categories with par-
193
By fully integrating environmental and social con- We also aim to guarantee a just transition, able to
siderations with economic objectives we are able secure workers’ rights and livelihoods when econ-
to identify potential risks and capitalize on addition- omies are shifting to low-carbon production. We
al opportunities, resulting in a process of continu- focus on ensuring continuous progress across all
ous improvement. Sustainability is a core element training domains to maintain know-how continui-
of our governance model and executive manage- ty and strengthen employee skills, aligned with our
ment plays a direct and active role in developing ambitions for the future. The foundation of a re-
and achieving our sustainability objectives un- sponsible company rests on being fully attentive to
der the direction of our Board of Directors. As a the nature and extent of this interconnection, as well
clear demonstration of this commitment, we have as understanding of both the potential effects of its
strengthened the integration of environmental top- activities and how those effects can be mitigated
ics in our strategic plan by confirming, in October through responsible management.
2025, the decarbonization strategy that will help us Below is the representation of the main features
reach our decarbonization targets in our own oper- of Ferrari’s upstream and downstream value chain,
ations by 2030. Please refer to “E1—Climate change and Ferrari’s position within it. Additionally, to pro-
—Transition plan for climate change mitigation”. vide a comprehensive understanding of our opera-
tions we describe our inputs, outputs and outcomes.
GNICAR
&
RAC
STROPS
ELYTSEFIL
OWN OPERATIONS SUPPLY CHAIN
Raw materials (i.e. steel,
aluminum, conflict minerals) Utilities
R&D Product
Developement
Co-development
Inbound Logistics
Contract Manufacturing
Supplies of components
Product (i.e. transmissions, powertrains
Design and brakes, bodyworks and Other services
chasing manufacturing)
OWN OPERATIONS OWN OPERATIONS DEALER NETWORK
MANUFACTURING SALES &
AFTER SALES
Engine Assembly Line Personalization Sales & After Sales
Production & Final Checks & Road Tests
Sales & After Sales
Racing Activities
& Logistics
Client Relations
Body Painting Finishing & Stakeholder
Assembly Cleaning Relations
(e.g. Clients, Tifosi,
Sponsors)
OUTBOUND LOGISTICS
OWN OPERATIONS SUPPLY CHAIN OWN OPERATIONS
Product
Developement Retail Stores Museums
Utilities
Contract
Manufacturing
Product Design Other services Stakeholder Licensing
Collectibles Relations Agreements
In house by Ferrari
194
The inputs that enable Ferrari to carry out its activi- INTERESTS AND VIEWS OF
ties and define its operational capacity consist of its STAKEHOLDERS
productive and infrastructural assets (buildings and
production machinery, warehouses, circuits, hard-
ware & software, etc.), energy and natural resources, ESRS 2 SBM-2
as well as raw materials (e.g. steel, aluminum and con-
flict minerals) and components (e.g. transmissions We believe it is important to develop forms of com-
and brakes) essential for Ferrari’s production activi- munication and collaboration with both our internal
ties. These inputs are sourced through a robust and and external stakeholders that allow us to under-
strategic network of partnerships with key suppliers. stand their needs, interests and expectations.
The output is represented by the products sold Our approach to engaging stakeholders aims
and the services provided by Ferrari to its clients in for honest, clear, and effective communication and
each dimension. For Sports Cars we refer to current consultation, based on constant dialog. Fully under-
models (Range models, Special Series, Icona, One - Off standing the needs and perspectives of our stake-
and Supercar) and Classiche, as well as client events, holders is a fundamental part of the value generation
experience and services. For Racing activities, we process (business model) and the definition of our
refer to Formula 1, Endurance competitions, Esports strategy which we continuously strive to promote
and Ferrari Driving Academy. Lifestyle includes both inside and outside our organization.
Personal Luxury Goods, Collectibles and Experience. We believe that this approach is a key element of
The outcome corresponds to the systemic sustainable and lasting growth, with a view to concil-
impact generated on its stakeholders, including iate interests and expectations, especially of clients,
shareholders, in terms of economic value creation investors and regulators whose guidance can help
(revenues and profitability as well as shareholders’ us adopt the best strategic drivers.
reward through dividends and share repurchases), With this in mind, over the years we set an ongo-
technologies and innovation for the automotive sec- ing process of stakeholder engagement carrying
tor and racing, economic and employment benefits out initiatives with different levels of interaction and
for the local area and the affected communities, methods of involvement.
experience, know-how and talent development for Our Stakeholder Engagement Practice, inspired
its employees, driving performance, design and by the values and principles of the Code of Conduct,
exclusivity for its clients. Finally, within actual exter- seeks to give all directors, managers and employees
nalities, GHG emissions, waste and scraps represent of Ferrari, and anyone else working for it or on its
the main negative consequences of Ferrari activities. behalf, guidelines on the right methods and forms of
For a better understanding of Ferrari’s value interaction with different stakeholders.
chain, please refer to “Overview of Our Business”
chapter.
STAKEHOLDERS
Dealers Fer T ra if r o i s L i o a v n e d rs
Fi n a
n
a n
c
d
ia
S
l
C
ha
o
r
m eh m o u ld n e it r y s Ferraristi
L
ic
eB
e r s n s in u s in
S u p
pli g
P a r tn
e
s s a n
d
e
r
s
In fl u e M n e c d e ia r s a n d G o R v e e r g n u m o l a e r n t t t o , s r s I n a n s d tit uti o n s
p
S
and C U om niv m e u r n s i i t t y y Em T p ra lo d y e e e U s n a io n n d s
Sponsors
195
In line with the Stakeholder Engagement Practice, in 2025 we carried
out specific activities to enhance the voice of our stakeholders on
sustainability topics.
These engagement activities are an important part of the sustainability
approach that helps us identify potential updates in our sustainability
impact areas, risks and opportunities, as well as support management in
achieving the Company’s objectives.
STAKEHOLDER DIALOGUE
Stakeholders Areas of interest Communication methods
TIFOSI AND FERRARI LOVERS • Racing • Motorsport events
• Sports Cars • Sports cars unveilings
• “Ferrari Classiche” • Ferrari Magazine
• Brand Value • Earned media, website, social media
• Innovation
• Lifestyle
FERRARISTI • Image and brand reputation • Client relations: client and driving
• Clients satisfaction events
• Product technology, design quality and • Client satisfaction survey
safety • Media, website, social media
• Privacy and security • MyFerrari app
• “Ferrari Classiche”
BUSINESS AND LICENSING PARTNERS • Image and brand reputation • Meetings
• Continuity of the service • Website
• Contract terms and conditions
• Financial soundness
GOVERNMENT, REGULATORS AND SPORTS • Compliance with the law • Dialogs concerning new regulations
INSTITUTIONS • Sport fair play and available technologies
• Racing
• Annual Report
• Website
EMPLOYEES AND TRADE UNIONS • Motivation and development • Induction for new employees and
• Work-life balance training programs
• Welfare • Internal initiatives
• Health, safety and well-being • Meetings with Top Management
• Equal opportunities • Collective bargaining agreements
• Industrial relations • Participation in management-worker
• Ethical business conduct health and safety committees
• Website, social media
• Intranet platform “Noi Ferrari”
SPONSORS • Racing • Racing
• Image and brand reputation • Website, social media, Scuderia Ferrari
App
COMMUNITY AND UNIVERSITIES • Support local initiatives • Partnerships with universities
• Employment support • Meetings and local events
• Website, social media
• Sustainability workshops
MEDIA AND INFLUENCERS • Transparency • Racing
• Racing • Press releases
• Image and brand reputation • Website, social media
• Product technology, design quality and • Communication with journalists
safety • New model/technology launch events
SUPPLIERS7 • Continuity of the service • Website
• Supplier risk assessment • Meetings
• Contract terms and conditions • Contractual documents
FINANCIAL COMMUNITY AND • Market transparency • Financial earnings
SHAREHOLDERS • Financial soundness • Investor conference
• Economic performance • Roadshow
• Corporate governance • Website
DEALERS8 • Image and brand reputation • Communication with Management
• Transparency • Convention
• Motivation and development • Training courses
• Website
197
As explained in the “ESRS 2—General disclosures— In 2025, in order to maintain an open, transparent
Strategy, business model and value chain” para- and long-term dialogue, we carried out a stakehold-
graph, in order to define our strategy and our er engagement initiative involving a group of suppli-
business model, particularly clients, investors and ers and investors, selected based on their strategic
institutions views are taken into account. relevance, ESG maturity and size. Investors were
We support our brand value by promoting a strong asked to complete a self-filled guided questionnaire.
connection with the Ferrari community: our tifosi, Suppliers completed a guided questionnaire during a
Ferrari lovers and Ferraristi9. We focus on strength- one-to-one interview. The activities were designed to
ening this connection by rewarding our most loyal cli- collect stakeholders’ insights on topics most relevant
ents through a range of initiatives. In addition, we are to their activities: suppliers were asked to assess the
able to collect their opinions and trends through our actual and potential impacts generated by their own
satisfaction surveys and other activities. For infor- operations and value chains, while investors were in-
mation about the organization and the purpose of the vited to share their perspective on Ferrari’s sustain-
surveys, as well as how the outcomes are taken into ability strategy. These inputs supported the identifi-
account by Ferrari, please refer to “S4—Consumers cation of emerging material impacts and guided the
and End-user—Engaging Consumers and End-users”. assessment of those already identified.
According to the Stakeholder Engagement Finally, we regularly engage with our investors
Practice, the results and feedback from stakehold- to better understand what they consider to be the
ers are analyzed to build suitable action plans to con- main ESG drivers for Ferrari, as well as participate
stantly improve company performance, on the basis every year in a variety of ESG questionnaires such as
of expectations of primary interest to its stakeholders. the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment
To this end, Ferrari ensures that the results are doc- (CSA), ranking in the top quartile of our industry in the
umented and communicated appropriately inside and last assessment, the CDP Climate Change and CDP
outside of the Company, also to respond to the points Water questionnaires, obtaining a “A-” and “B” rating
of focus raised in interactions with stakeholders. respectively in 2025 . All these activities allowed us to
In our strategy, we also take into consideration further strengthen our materiality analysis.
the regulatory situation on sustainability matters that In 2025, no amendments to the Ferrari strategy
affect our business. For that reason, we analyzed and business model occurred following our stake-
for each country in which Ferrari operates through holder engagement.
points of sale, the regulatory situation concerning Regarding the engagement by the Board and/or
the ICE (Internal Combustion Engine) powertrain. In any of its members, the Chairman of the Board shall
this respect, we might pursue direct dialogue with ensure that the Board is informed at the first appro-
national and international institutions, or with other priate meeting about the developments and signif-
regulatory bodies. Moreover, we are part of ACEA icant contents of the engagement that has taken
(European Automobile Manufacturers’ Association) place with the stakeholders.
and other associations that represent the interests The sustainability statement may not include
of vehicles manufacturers. every impact, risk and opportunity or additional
On the other hand, as far as local institutions are entity-specific disclosure that each individual stake-
concerned, we have a direct dialogue, especially holder (group) may consider important in its own
with the administrations of the municipalities of particular assessment. For more information about
Maranello and Fiorano, regarding activities for the the engagement of stakeholders in the process of
local communities and administrative fulfillments. double materiality please see “ESRS 2—Impacts, risks
We rely on a significant number of suppliers who and opportunities management—Double materiality
play an important part in the success of the Group. assessment methodology”.
For the sourcing of certain key components with
high technological specifications, we have devel-
oped strong synergistic relationships with some
of our suppliers, which are considered “key stra-
tegic innovation partners”. We continue to invest
significantly to minimize our environmental impact.
Our vehicles must comply with extensive regional,
national, and local laws and regulations, as well as
industry self-regulations (including those that regu-
late vehicle safety).
The high attention and care towards our products
are the foundation upon which our success is built, and
this is achieved thanks to the efforts of our employees.
Ferrari is a dual-listed company, therefore, the
financial discipline, enhanced through the relation-
ship with the financial community and sharehold-
ers, further supports the Company in pursuing its
business targets.
198
IMPACTS, RISKS AND European Sustainability Reporting Standard and
OPPORTUNITIES MANAGEMENT the related guidelines10. We re-assess our sustain-
ability matters annually, based on regulatory devel-
opments, business developments and stakeholder
ESRS 2 SBM-3, IRO-1, IRO-2 engagement. We updated the analysis of the most
relevant sustainability topics (materiality analysis) for
Materiality analysis is the process of identifying the the Group and our stakeholders, to better reflect the
topics that are relevant for the Group, based on an sustainability context developments, the changes
assessment of impacts, risks and opportunities. in our drivers and goals, as well as our 2026-2030
In 2025, we conducted the double material- Strategic Plan and sustainability strategy.
ity analysis according to the requirements of the
The following table shows, for comparative purposes, the link between
ESRS topics and Ferrari’s material topics.
ESRS Topic Sub Topic Sub-sub topic Ferrari material topics
Climate change Climate Change - Climate Change
Mitigation
Energy
Pollution Substances of concern - Natural resources management
Substances of very high
concern
Resource use and circular Waste - Circular Economy
economy Resources inflows, including
resource use
Resource outflows related to
products and services
Own workforce Working conditions Work-life balance Health, safety and well-being
Health and safety
Own workforce Equal treatment and Gender equality and equal pay Diversity and Inclusion
opportunities for all for work of equal value
Employment and inclusion of
persons with disabilities
Diversity
Own workforce Other work-related rights Privacy Data Responsibility and Privacy
Own workforce Working conditions Secure employment Talent attraction, retention and
Equal treatment and Working time development
opportunities for all Adequate wages
Training and skills development
Own workforce Equal treatment and Training and skills development Talent attraction, retention and
opportunities for all development
Workers in the value chain Equal treatment and Gender equality and equal pay Diversity and Inclusion
opportunities for all for work of equal value
The employment and inclusion
of persons with disabilities
Measures against violence and
harassment in the workplace
Diversity
Workers in the value chain Other work-related rights Child labor Human Rights
Forced labor
Workers in the value chain Working conditions Working time Human Rights
Adequate wages
Social dialogue
Freedom of association,
including the existence of work
councils
Collective bargaining
Work-life balance
Affected communities Communities’ economic, social N/A Responsibility towards
and cultural rights the community and future
generations
199
Consumers and/or end-users Information-related impacts for Privacy Data Responsibility and Privacy
consumers and/or end-users
Consumers and/or end-users Personal safety of consumers Health and safety Quality and Safety
and/or end-users Security of a person
Consumers and/or end-users Information-related impacts for Access to quality information Ethics and Business Conduct
consumers and/or end-users Responsible marketing
Social inclusion of consumers practices
and/or end-users
Business conduct Corporate culture Prevention and detection Ethics and Business Conduct
Protection of whistle-blowers training
Corruption and bribery
Business conduct Management of relationships - Ethics and Business Conduct
with suppliers including
payment practices
DOUBLE MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT chains, as well as all our business relationships and
METHODOLOGY geographies. The external context analysis included
the identification of our key stakeholders (see “ESRS
To determine the disclosures in our Sustainability 2—General disclosures—Strategy, business model
Statement, we followed a Double materiality assess- and value chain—Interests and views of stakehold-
ment process with four main steps: ers”), the mapping of Ferrari business relationships
and upstream and downstream value chain (see “S2—
Analysis of the internal and external context Workers in the Value Chain”). Furthermore, starting in
• Identification of potential sustainability impacts, 2025, the external context analysis was also supported
risks and opportunities by an analysis conducted on suppliers' industrial sec-
• Impacts, risks and opportunity evaluation tors through the UNEP-FI Impact Materiality Tool, which
Validation of the impacts, risks and opportunities enabled the identification of the impact areas requiring
closer attention depending on the nature of the suppli-
The identification and assessment of material risk er’s activities and the country in which they operate.
are integrated in the Risk Management system (ERM).
In particular, sustainability-related risks are identified
through a specific classification, defined internally. (2)
We take an integrated approach to risk manage- IDENTIFICATION OF IMPACTS, RISKS
ment, where risk assessment is part of the FLT agenda. AND OPPORTUNITIES
The Board of Directors is responsible for consider-
ing the ability to control and manage risks crucial to
achieve its identified business targets and to ensure Within this stage, last year we started from a deeper
continuity of the Group. The Board of Directors designs, analysis of the ESRS list of topics, sub-topic and sub-
implements, and maintains internal risk management sub topics, identifying the impacts and opportunities
and control systems. In executing such responsibili- potentially applicable to Ferrari. This year we com-
ties, it is assisted by the Audit Committee, which is plemented the analysis with a benchmarking activ-
responsible for advising the Board of Directors and ity, which enabled us to identify double materiality
acts under the authority delegated by the Board of assessment best practices and to determine which
Directors with reference to internal controls and risk elements should be incorporated into Ferrari’s eval-
management systems. The FLT is responsible for the uation. The benchmarking activity focused on the
deployment and maintenance of a risk management analysis of Sustainability Statements published by
system across our business functions. peer companies in the automotive and luxury sectors
For further information see “Risk Management that reported according to ESRS standards. Specific
Process and Internal Control System”. impacts have been identified, as in the previous year,
considering the positive or negative, actual or poten-
tial effects of Ferrari on different stakeholders and
(1) the environment, including impacts on human rights,
ANALYSIS OF THE INTERNAL AND across our activities and business relationships in
EXTERNAL CONTEXT the value chain. Moreover, we integrated the poten-
tial risks identified inside the ERM system.
During the identification of risks and opportunities,
We have analyzed Ferrari’s strategy, targets and am- dependencies and external impacts have been con-
bitions in the field of sustainability. Additionally, we an- sidered, taking into account both the effects of Ferrari
alyzed risks relevant to the Group in the ESG-related on the external environment and the Company’s reli-
areas and internal policies in the field of sustainability, ance on critical external factors such as raw materi-
considering Ferrari’s three dimensions, their value als, resources, and specialized expertise.
201
(3) been assessed by Ferrari as material. As part of this
IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITY validation phase, in 2025 we carried out a stakeholder
EVALUATION engagement with suppliers and investors through
dedicated ESG meetings and questionnaires and
their involvement on the validation of Ferrari sustain-
In this phase, we defined the criteria and scales to ability matters. The insights gathered through these
assess the IROs. In particular, we assessed our im- engagement processes were included in the double
pact (inside-out perspective) taking into account materiality assessment.
their severity and likelihood. The severity was as-
sessed using 1 (small) to 5 (extreme) scoring, con-
sidering scale, scope and for negative impact ir- (4)
remediability. The likelihood was assessed using VALIDATION OF THE IMPACTS, RISKS
1 (unlikely) to 5 (very likely) scoring. Both negative AND OPPORTUNITIES
and positive impacts were evaluated gross (before
any mitigating actions). This year, we further ex-
plored the impacts of our supply chain through the The Sustainability function defined a quantitative
aforementioned supplier analysis. For the financial threshold mechanism, based on the double ma-
materiality analysis (outside-in perspective), risks teriality methodology and relevance assessment
were assessed according to the ERM methodology previously performed. For both impacts and op-
involving residual evaluation by severity and likeli- portunities, the threshold has been set higher than
hood. Whereas opportunities were assessed ac- 8 as a result of the product between severity and
cording to criteria and metrics defined on the basis likelihood (on a maximum of 25). To identify the risks
of the ERM methodology, considering residual eval- that are relevant for the materiality assessment, the
uation by severity and likelihood. For risks, three threshold has been defined to include all risks that
variables (likelihood, impact and preparedness) are within the two highest levels of overall risks ex-
are assessed independently on the basis of com- posure (Tier 1, Tier 2). This process enables us to
pany metrics; these elements are then multiplied identify the material IROs.
and the product obtained through this operation, The Double materiality assessment was pre-
the defined overall risk exposure, is the input for pared under the supervision of Ferrari Group’s Chief
placing risks on a heat map that has four different Financial Officer and the results were approved by
risk areas (Tier 1, Tier 2, Watching Area, Residual the FLT and by the Audit Committee of the Board of
Area). The severity was assessed using 1 (very low) Directors.
to 5 (very high) scoring, considering four different Based on the materiality assessment, Ferrari has
drivers of evaluation: strategic/market, economic/ determined the Disclosure Requirements related to
financial, operational and reputational. Additionally, each material IROs to be disclosed in this Statement
the final score of severity resulted also from con- in line with ESRS 1, AR 16 and EFRAG ID 177.
sidering the preparedness, which is the degree of The table below presents the material impacts,
control, protection and readiness that Ferrari en- risks and opportunities and their related topic, in the
sures thanks to the current actions, processes and same order as reported in ESRS 1, AR 16.
levers, and their effectiveness. The likelihood was The material IROs reveal our strategic sustain-
assessed using 1 (very low) to 5 (very high) scor- ability priorities and contribute to adapting our
ing considering three different drivers: qualitative strategy as shown in the columns “Sustainability
(uncertain contexts), quantitative (measurable con- strategy pillars” that identify how the impacts are
texts) and frequency (predictable contexts). During connected to the Ferrari strategy. For more details
the evaluation process we assessed each IRO on our sustainability strategy pillars and how sus-
within the most relevant time horizon, considering tainability topics are connected see the table in
short, medium and long term as described in ESRS “ESRS 2—General disclosures—Strategy, business
1 and considering the impact related both to our model and value chain”.
own operations and to our upstream and down-
stream value chain.
In particular, the Sustainability function involved
the Ferrari competent departments to evaluate each
impact and opportunity, through one-to-one inter-
views. The evaluation of sustainability related risks
has been conducted through the ERM assessment.
Moreover, the impact evaluation process has
included consultation with our key stakeholders.
Since 2018, Ferrari has actively engaged with key
stakeholders (clients, suppliers, dealers, investors,
universities, schools and communities) to assess
severity and likelihood of impacts that are relevant
for stakeholders and validate the impacts that have
202
ESRS FERRARI MAIN IMPACTS 202511 NATURE TIME PERIMETER13 SUSTAINABILITY DIMENSIONS IMPACTED STAKEHOLDER
MATERIAL TOPICS HORIZON12 STRATEGY PILLAR
E1 Climate change Energy consumption (within the organization) and related Greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 / Scope 2) Act/Neg Reducing our environmental Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
with negative impact on climate change and the community (e.g. Maranello) footprint Lifestyle • Affected communities
• Workers in the value chain
• Consumers
• Enviroment
Energy consumption and related GHG emissions for downstream activities (e.g. outbound logistics, vehicles Act/Neg Reducing our environmental Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
usage and use of sold products) (Scope 3) with negative impact on climate change footprint Lifestyle • Affected communities
• Workers in the value chain
• Consumers
• Enviroment
Energy consumption and related GHG emissions for upstream activities (e.g. raw material purchased and Act/Neg Reducing our environmental Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
inbound logistics) (Scope 3) with negative impact on climate change footprint Lifestyle • Affected communities
• Workers in the value chain
• Consumers
• Environment
E2 Natural resources Group’s contribution to pollution due to substances of concern and substances of very high concern Pot/Neg Reducing our environmental Sports Cars/Lifestyle • Own workforce
management footprint • Affected communities
• Workers in the value chain
• Environment
• Consumers
E5 Circular economy Production of hazardous / nonhazardous waste along Ferrari’s industrial activities Act/Neg Reducing our environmental Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
footprint Lifestyle • Affected communities
• Environment
Production of hazardous / nonhazardous waste by the value chain Act/Neg Reducing our environmental Sports Cars/Racing/ • Affected communities
→ → footprint Lifestyle • Workers in the value chain
• Environment
Promotion of circularity within the value chain to reduce the use of natural resources and waste produced Act/Pos Reducing our environmental Sports Cars/Racing/ • Environment
by suppliers footprint Lifestyle
Reduction of waste thanks to the increase of durability, reparability and recyclability of spare parts (e.g. Pot/ Pos Reducing our environmental Sports Cars/Racing/ • Environment
racing and sports cars) or products (e.g. lifestyle) footprint Lifestyle
S1 Talent attraction, Positive impacts on employees’ motivation and sense of belonging thanks to secure employment and wor- Act/Pos Being the employer of choice Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
retention and king time, competitive remuneration, benefits, training opportunities and career development Lifestyle • Consumers
development Inadequate development programs could lead to high turnover and generates loss of strategic expertise Pot/Neg Being the employer of choice Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
and know-how with a potential damage on stakeholders (e.g. clients) Lifestyle • Consumers
Diversity Increasing Ferrari’s employee’s satisfaction and engagement by promoting awareness and culture about Act/Pos Being the employer of choice Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
and inclusion diversity and inclusion Lifestyle
Health, safety Work-life balance, attention to mental health with positive impacts on employees’ physical and mental well- Act/Pos Being the employer of choice Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
and well-being being Lifestyle
Work-related injuries (employees, workers whose work or workplace is controlled by Ferrari) expose em- Pot/Neg Being the employer of choice Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
ployees to physical, psychological or safety consequences Lifestyle
Data Responsibili- Willful and/or unintentional security breaches involving confidential business information or employee per- Pot/Neg Proactively fostering best Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
ty and Privacy sonal data with potential damage to them resulting from the unlawful use of such information practice governance Lifestyle
S2 Diversity Possible incidents of discrimination (including gender discrimination in remuneration) and/or abuse af- Pot/Neg Proactively fostering best Sports Cars/Racing/ • Workers in the value chain
and inclusion fecting life quality and work conditions for workers in the value chain practice governance Lifestyle
Human rights Possible violation of human rights along the value chain (e.g. right to freedom of association and collecti- Pot/Neg Proactively fostering best Sports Cars/Racing/ • Workers in the value chain
ve bargaining, child labor, forced or compulsory labor also related to conflict minerals) with impacts on practice governance Lifestyle
human dignity
Inadequate working conditions with serious physical and psychological consequences on workers’ health Pot/Neg Proactively fostering best Sports Cars/Racing/ • Workers in the value chain
in the value chain (e.g. violations of fundamental rights, including excessive working hours, insufficient wa- practice governance Lifestyle
ges, restrictions on freedom of association and difficulties in maintaining a healthy work-life balance)
S3 Responsibility Support community education through general and technical programs Act/Pos Creating and sharing value Sports Cars/Racing/ • Affected communities
towards the com- with the community Lifestyle
munity and future Impact on the community (e.g. Maranello) wealth thanks to the employment (e.g. job opportunities for local Act/Pos Creating and sharing value Sports Cars/Racing/ • Affected communities
generations students, financial stability of employees) → → with the community Lifestyle
S4 Quality and Safety Reduced level of vehicle safety and quality with consequent increased risks for clients Pot/Neg Exceeding expectations Sports Cars/Racing • Consumers
Ethics and Busi- Reduced customer satisfaction/experience, limited customer choice and/or safety risks in the event of Pot/Neg Proactively fostering best Sports Cars/Racing/ • Consumers
ness Conduct lack of access to information or in the event of access to partial or misleading information practice governance Lifestyle
Data Responsibili- Willful and/or unintentional security breaches involving confidential business information or clients personal data Pot/Neg Proactively fostering best Sports Cars/Racing/ • Consumers
ty and Privacy with potential damage to them resulting from the unlawful use of such information practice governance Lifestyle
G1 Ethics and Busi- Promoting awareness and culture about ethics of Ferrari management, employees, business partners and Act/Pos Proactively fostering best Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
ness Conduct other stakeholders, through training programs prevents negative behavior and enhances employees aware- practice governance Lifestyle • Affected communities
ness and responsibility • Workers in the value chain
Financial negative impacts affecting suppliers, especially SMEs, due to late payments on the contractual Pot/Neg Proactively fostering best Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
payment terms practice governance Lifestyle • Affected communities
• Workers in the value chain
Short term Medium term Long term → → Upstream → → Own operations → → Downstream
203
ESRS FERRARI MAIN IMPACTS 202511 NATURE TIME PERIMETER13 SUSTAINABILITY DIMENSIONS IMPACTED STAKEHOLDER
MATERIAL TOPICS HORIZON12 STRATEGY PILLAR
E1 Climate change Energy consumption (within the organization) and related Greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 / Scope 2) Act/Neg Reducing our environmental Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
with negative impact on climate change and the community (e.g. Maranello) footprint Lifestyle • Affected communities
• Workers in the value chain
• Consumers
• Enviroment
Energy consumption and related GHG emissions for downstream activities (e.g. outbound logistics, vehicles Act/Neg Reducing our environmental Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
usage and use of sold products) (Scope 3) with negative impact on climate change footprint Lifestyle • Affected communities
• Workers in the value chain
• Consumers
• Enviroment
Energy consumption and related GHG emissions for upstream activities (e.g. raw material purchased and Act/Neg Reducing our environmental Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
inbound logistics) (Scope 3) with negative impact on climate change footprint Lifestyle • Affected communities
• Workers in the value chain
• Consumers
• Environment
E2 Natural resources Group’s contribution to pollution due to substances of concern and substances of very high concern Pot/Neg Reducing our environmental Sports Cars/Lifestyle • Own workforce
management footprint • Affected communities
• Workers in the value chain
• Environment
• Consumers
E5 Circular economy Production of hazardous / nonhazardous waste along Ferrari’s industrial activities Act/Neg Reducing our environmental Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
footprint Lifestyle • Affected communities
• Environment
Production of hazardous / nonhazardous waste by the value chain Act/Neg Reducing our environmental Sports Cars/Racing/ • Affected communities
→ → footprint Lifestyle • Workers in the value chain
• Environment
Promotion of circularity within the value chain to reduce the use of natural resources and waste produced Act/Pos Reducing our environmental Sports Cars/Racing/ • Environment
by suppliers footprint Lifestyle
Reduction of waste thanks to the increase of durability, reparability and recyclability of spare parts (e.g. Pot/ Pos Reducing our environmental Sports Cars/Racing/ • Environment
racing and sports cars) or products (e.g. lifestyle) footprint Lifestyle
S1 Talent attraction, Positive impacts on employees’ motivation and sense of belonging thanks to secure employment and wor- Act/Pos Being the employer of choice Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
retention and king time, competitive remuneration, benefits, training opportunities and career development Lifestyle • Consumers
development Inadequate development programs could lead to high turnover and generates loss of strategic expertise Pot/Neg Being the employer of choice Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
and know-how with a potential damage on stakeholders (e.g. clients) Lifestyle • Consumers
Diversity Increasing Ferrari’s employee’s satisfaction and engagement by promoting awareness and culture about Act/Pos Being the employer of choice Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
and inclusion diversity and inclusion Lifestyle
Health, safety Work-life balance, attention to mental health with positive impacts on employees’ physical and mental well- Act/Pos Being the employer of choice Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
and well-being being Lifestyle
Work-related injuries (employees, workers whose work or workplace is controlled by Ferrari) expose em- Pot/Neg Being the employer of choice Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
ployees to physical, psychological or safety consequences Lifestyle
Data Responsibili- Willful and/or unintentional security breaches involving confidential business information or employee per- Pot/Neg Proactively fostering best Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
ty and Privacy sonal data with potential damage to them resulting from the unlawful use of such information practice governance Lifestyle
S2 Diversity Possible incidents of discrimination (including gender discrimination in remuneration) and/or abuse af- Pot/Neg Proactively fostering best Sports Cars/Racing/ • Workers in the value chain
and inclusion fecting life quality and work conditions for workers in the value chain practice governance Lifestyle
Human rights Possible violation of human rights along the value chain (e.g. right to freedom of association and collecti- Pot/Neg Proactively fostering best Sports Cars/Racing/ • Workers in the value chain
ve bargaining, child labor, forced or compulsory labor also related to conflict minerals) with impacts on practice governance Lifestyle
human dignity
Inadequate working conditions with serious physical and psychological consequences on workers’ health Pot/Neg Proactively fostering best Sports Cars/Racing/ • Workers in the value chain
in the value chain (e.g. violations of fundamental rights, including excessive working hours, insufficient wa- practice governance Lifestyle
ges, restrictions on freedom of association and difficulties in maintaining a healthy work-life balance)
S3 Responsibility Support community education through general and technical programs Act/Pos Creating and sharing value Sports Cars/Racing/ • Affected communities
towards the com- with the community Lifestyle
munity and future Impact on the community (e.g. Maranello) wealth thanks to the employment (e.g. job opportunities for local Act/Pos Creating and sharing value Sports Cars/Racing/ • Affected communities
generations students, financial stability of employees) → → with the community Lifestyle
S4 Quality and Safety Reduced level of vehicle safety and quality with consequent increased risks for clients Pot/Neg Exceeding expectations Sports Cars/Racing • Consumers
Ethics and Busi- Reduced customer satisfaction/experience, limited customer choice and/or safety risks in the event of Pot/Neg Proactively fostering best Sports Cars/Racing/ • Consumers
ness Conduct lack of access to information or in the event of access to partial or misleading information practice governance Lifestyle
Data Responsibili- Willful and/or unintentional security breaches involving confidential business information or clients personal data Pot/Neg Proactively fostering best Sports Cars/Racing/ • Consumers
ty and Privacy with potential damage to them resulting from the unlawful use of such information practice governance Lifestyle
G1 Ethics and Busi- Promoting awareness and culture about ethics of Ferrari management, employees, business partners and Act/Pos Proactively fostering best Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
ness Conduct other stakeholders, through training programs prevents negative behavior and enhances employees aware- practice governance Lifestyle • Affected communities
ness and responsibility • Workers in the value chain
Financial negative impacts affecting suppliers, especially SMEs, due to late payments on the contractual Pot/Neg Proactively fostering best Sports Cars/Racing/ • Own workforce
payment terms practice governance Lifestyle • Affected communities
• Workers in the value chain
204
The column “Perimeter” identifies where the material impacts are
concentrated in Ferrari’s own operations and value chain, whereas
the column “Dimensions” identifies where the material impacts are
concentrated in Ferrari’s business model.
ESRS FERRARI MATERIAL MAIN RISKS 2025 SUSTAINABILITY DIMENSIONS DEPENDENCIES/IMPACTS
TOPICS STRATEGY PILLAR
E1 Climate Change Fast paced and uncertain Reducing our Sports Cars/Racing -
laws and technical environmental footprint
regulations proliferation:
environmental
regulatory tightening
(e.g., CO eduction),
2 r
enhanced by societal
pressures and
uncertainty in timing/
type of future approval
constraints
S1 Talent attraction, Usage of external Being the employer of Sports Cars/ Dependency on human
retention and resources that can have choice Racing/Lifestyle resource
development critical competence and
know-how, and deal with
strategic projects
S2 Human Rights Potential non-compliance Proactively fostering best Sports Cars/ Possible violation of human
by third parties (e.g., practice governance Racing/Lifestyle rights along the value chain
suppliers, dealers, (e.g. right to freedom of
sponsors etc.) with association and collective
laws and regulations bargaining, child labor,
requirements regarding forced or compulsory
labor practices, working labor also related to
conditions, and human conflict minerals) with
rights of workers impacts on human dignity
employed.
S4 Quality and Safety Fast paced and Exceeding expectations Sports Cars/ -
uncertain laws and Racing/Lifestyle
technical regulations
proliferation: Regulatory
tightening on safety
(e.g., system, speed
limits, autonomous
drive / ADAS), noise (i.e.,
limits on dB emitted)
and software update
(e.g. R156), enhanced
by societal pressures
and uncertain in timing/
type of future approval
constraints
205
ESRS FERRARI MAIN OPPORTUNITIES 2025 SUSTAINABILITY DIMENSIONS DEPENDENCIES/
MATERIAL STRATEGY PILLAR IMPACTS
TOPICS
E1 Climate Energy efficiency: Using renewable energy at Reducing our Sports Cars/ Dependency on
Change a reduced cost plus investing in low carbon environmental Racing natural resources
technologies that could result in lower footprint
carbon footprint, lower energy consumption
and lower energy costs
E5 Circular Circular economy manufacturing initiatives Reducing our Sports Cars/ Dependency on
Economy implemented: environmental Racing/Lifestyle natural resources
(1) use of recycled materials footprint
(2) recovery of production waste for
recycling
(3) projects aimed at ensuring an extension of
product life
S1 Talent Increased responsiveness to market Being the employer Sports Cars/ -
attraction, challenges by re-skilling and up-skilling of choice Racing/Lifestyle
retention and employees
development
Employee satisfaction & retention - The Being the employer Sports Cars/ Positive impacts
matter includes adequate wages, training of choice Racing/Lifestyle on employees’
and development of employees: attracting, motivation and
retaining and developing the best talent sense of belonging
through policies and practices related thanks to secure
to employees as an opportunity for the employment and
company working time,
competitive
remuneration,
benefits, training
opportunities and
career development
Diversity and Diversity of governing body/executive team Being the employer Sports Cars/ Impacts on Ferrari’s
Inclusion - The capabilities and perspectives of board/ of choice Racing/Lifestyle employee's
executive team members are important for satisfaction and
making robust decisions on an ongoing basis engagement
by promoting
awareness and
culture about
diversity and
inclusion
S3 Responsibility Improved reputation and acquisition of Creating and Sports Cars/ Support community
towards the new skills/expertises through stronger sharing value with Racing/Lifestyle education through
community relationships with local communities and community general and technical
and future wealth generation (e.g. collaboration with programs
generations schools and universities, local job creation,
support for small local businesses)
Material risks and opportunities are concentrated Compared to the previous year, the following risks
mainly on Ferrari’s own operations. The columns fell below the materiality threshold in 2025:
“Dimensions” identify where in Ferrari’s business
model the material risks and opportunities are (E1) “Challenge in targeting Ferrari Carbon
concentrated. The columns “Sustainability strate- Footprint strategy related to Scope 3 Indirect
gy pillars” identify how the impacts are connected Emissions with main focus on Upstream”: the
to the Ferrari strategy. lower evaluation of this risk reflects that, in order
Considering the material risks and opportu- to achieve Scope 3 targets, the current regula-
nities, we identified current financial effects only tory and market context, combined with robust
related to the risk ‘Fast paced and uncertain laws mitigation measures, has led to the risk being re-
and technical regulations proliferation’ resulting assessed as non-material, while the Company’s
in provisions of approximately €11 million, which remains committed to decarbonization;
form part of the category “Environmental and other (S1) “Cybersecurity incidents deriving from suc-
risks” (see Note 23—Provisions of the Consolidated cessful external/internal cyber-attacks (phishing,
Financial Statements). malware, ransomware, social engineering, etc.) on
We did not identify any significant risk of mate- Ferrari or its Third Parties”: the risk is not directly
rial adjustment within the following annual reporting related to sustainability issues, thereby excluding
period to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities it as a material topic under an sustainability per-
reported in the related financial statements. spective; nevertheless, the Company continues to
actively manage and mitigate this risk;
206
(G1) “Potential non-compliance with the Company has not identified or assessed its
Anticorruption Laws requirements due to ex- dependencies on biodiversity and ecosystem
ternal context (e.g. regulatory requirements’ services, including any potential disruptions,
tightening, engaging with third-party vendors nor has it applied specific assessment criteria in
/ agents with questionable integrity)”: the lower this regard. Ferrari has not conducted an eval-
evaluation of this risk reflects the strengthened uation of transition and physical risks and op-
internal compliance framework, which increas- portunities related to biodiversity and ecosys-
es preparedness and therefore reduces the tems based on its impacts and dependencies,
level of residual risk. For additional information, nor has it considered systemic risks associated
please refer to “G1—Business Conduct—Business with these factors. Moreover, the Company has
Conduct policies and corporate culture” and to not carried out consultations with affected com-
“G1—Business Conduct—Prevention and detec- munities regarding sustainability assessments
tion of corruption and bribery”. of shared biological resources and ecosystems.
In this context, Ferrari has not identified specific
Furthermore, we identified the following new ma- sites, raw material production, or sourcing ac-
terial impact: “Inadequate working conditions with tivities that may negatively impact biodiversity
serious physical and psychological consequences and ecosystems in relation to affected commu-
on workers' health in the value chain (e.g. violations nities, nor has it engaged affected communities
of fundamental rights, including excessive work- in the materiality assessment where they could
ing hours, insufficient wages, restrictions on free- be impacted. Additionally, the Company has not
dom of association and difficulties in maintaining assessed the effects of its operations on ecosys-
a healthy work-life balance)” (S2), and new material tem services relevant to affected communities,
risk related to “Potential non-compliance by third nor has it defined measures to avoid negative
parties (e.g., suppliers, dealers, sponsors etc.) with impacts. Where impacts are unavoidable, no
laws and regulations requirements regarding labor mitigation plans have been established to main-
practices, working conditions, and human rights of tain the value and functionality of priority ser-
workers employed” (S2). vices. Ferrari continues to monitor regulatory
The Scenario Analysis was performed taking developments and stakeholder expectations in
into consideration climate-related risks and includes this area and will evaluate the need for further
consequences in terms of resilience of the strategy, assessments in the future.
available at “E1—Climate Change—Climate Scenario
Analysis” paragraph. No other topic has been cov- For the description of positive impacts, refer to “S1—
ered by a resilience analysis. Own Workforce” and “S3—Affected Communities”.
The following environmental topics resulted No positive impacts emerged from the Double ma-
as not relevant according to the double materiality teriality assessment related to Workers in the Value
assessment: Chain and Consumers and End-user.
The double materiality assessment is an ongoing
Water Management (E3) has been evaluated as process that may be impacted in time by sector-spe-
not relevant since water consumption in busi- cific standards to be adopted or developments
ness as usual of Ferrari facilities is not significant. in stakeholder expectations, regulatory develop-
According to Directive 2000/60/CE and Agenzia ments, changes in risk management or new busi-
Regionale per la Prevenzione, l'Ambiente e l'En- ness developments.
ergia dell'Emilia-Romagna (ARPAE) screening,
Ferrari sites are not located in water risk areas.
The Company has not carried out consultations
with affected communities regarding water and
marine resource-related sustainability assess-
ments.
Biodiversity (E4) has been evaluated as not rele-
vant since Ferrari sites are not located in biodi-
versity-sensitive areas according to Directive
2009/147/EC of the European Parliament and
of the Council on the conservation of wild birds,
to Council Directive 92/43/EEC on the conser-
vation of natural habitats and of wild fauna and
flora, and Italian list of recognized Protected
Areas state by the Italian law. For this reason,
Ferrari has not identified and assessed actu-
al or potential impacts, dependencies, risks, or
opportunities related to biodiversity and eco-
systems across its own site locations or its up-
stream and downstream value chain. Similarly,
208
TABLE APPENDIX B
Disclosure Requirement and related data SFDR (1) reference Pillar 3 (2) reference Benchmark Regulation (3) reference EU Disclosure
point Climate Law (4) reference
ESRS 2 GOV-1 Indicator number 13 of Table #1 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) ESRS 2 – General Disclosures | Governance |
Board’s gender diversity paragraph 21 (d) Annex 1 2020/1816(5), Annex II The role of the administrative, management
and supervisory bodies
ESRS 2 GOV-1 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II ESRS 2 – General Disclosures | Governance |
Percentage of board members who are The role of the administrative, management
independent paragraph 21 (e) and supervisory bodies
ESRS 2 GOV-4 Indicator number 10 Table #3 of ESRS 2 – General Disclosures | Governance |
Statement on due diligence paragraph 30 Annex 1 Statement on due diligence
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Indicators number 4 Table #1 of Article 449a Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II ESRS 2 General Disclosures | Strategy,
Involvement in activities related to fossil Annex 1 Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) business model and value chain
fuel activities paragraph 40 (d) i 2022/2453(6) Table 1: Qualitative information on
Environmental risk and Table 2: Qualitative information
on Social risk
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Indicator number 9 Table #2 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II ESRS 2 General Disclosures | Strategy,
Involvement in activities related to Annex 1 business model and value chain
chemical production paragraph 40 (d) ii
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Indicator number 14 Table #1 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818(7), Article ESRS 2 General Disclosures | Strategy,
Involvement in activities related to Annex 1 12(1) Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, business model and value chain
controversial weapons paragraph 40 (d) iii Annex II
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Article ESRS 2 General Disclosures | Strategy,
Involvement in activities related to 12(1) Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, business model and value chain
cultivation and production of tobacco Annex II
paragraph 40 (d) iv
ESRS E1-1 Regulation (EU) 2021/1119, Article 2(1) E1 – Climate Change | Transition plan for
Transition plan to reach climate neutrality climate change mitigation
by 2050 paragraph 14
ESRS E1-1 Article 449a Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, E1 – Climate Change | Transition plan for
Undertakings excluded from Paris-aligned Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Commission Article12.1 (d) to (g), and Article 12.2 climate change mitigation
Benchmarks paragraph 16 (g) Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 Template 1:
Banking book-Climate Change transition risk: Credit
quality of exposures by sector, emissions and residual
maturity
ESRS E1-4 Indicator number 4 Table #2 of Article 449a Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Article 6 E1 – Climate Change | Targets related to
GHG emission reduction targets Annex 1 Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Commission Climate Change
paragraph 34 Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 Template
3: Banking book – Climate change transition risk:
alignment metrics
ESRS E1-5 Indicator number 5 Table #1 and E1 – Climate Change | Energy consumption
Energy consumption from fossil sources Indicator n. 5 Table #2 of Annex 1 and mix
disaggregated by sources (only high
climate impact sectors) paragraph 38
ESRS E1-5 Energy consumption and mix Indicator number 5 Table #1 of E1 – Climate Change | Energy consumption
paragraph 37 Annex 1 and mix
ESRS E1-5 Indicator number 6 Table #1 of E1 – Climate Change | Energy consumption
Energy intensity associated with activities Annex 1 and mix
in high climate impact sectors paragraphs
40 to 43
ESRS E1-6 Indicators number 1 and 2 Table Article 449a; Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Article E1 – Climate Change | Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3
Gross Scope 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG #1 of Annex 1 Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 Template 1: 5(1), 6 and 8(1) and Total GHG Emissions
emissions paragraph 44 Banking book – Climate change transition risk: Credit
quality of exposures by sector, emissions and residual
maturity
ESRS E1-6 Indicators number 3 Table #1 of Article 449a Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Article E1 – Climate Change | Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3
Gross GHG emissions intensity Annex 1 Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 Template 8(1) and Total GHG Emissions
paragraphs 53 to 55 3: Banking book – Climate change transition risk:
alignment metrics
ESRS E1-7 Regulation (EU) 2021/1119, Article 2(1) E1 – Climate Change | GHG removals and
GHG removals and carbon credits GHG mitigation projects financed through
paragraph 56 carbon credits
209
TABLE APPENDIX B
Disclosure Requirement and related data SFDR (1) reference Pillar 3 (2) reference Benchmark Regulation (3) reference EU Disclosure
point Climate Law (4) reference
ESRS 2 GOV-1 Indicator number 13 of Table #1 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) ESRS 2 – General Disclosures | Governance |
Board’s gender diversity paragraph 21 (d) Annex 1 2020/1816(5), Annex II The role of the administrative, management
and supervisory bodies
ESRS 2 GOV-1 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II ESRS 2 – General Disclosures | Governance |
Percentage of board members who are The role of the administrative, management
independent paragraph 21 (e) and supervisory bodies
ESRS 2 GOV-4 Indicator number 10 Table #3 of ESRS 2 – General Disclosures | Governance |
Statement on due diligence paragraph 30 Annex 1 Statement on due diligence
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Indicators number 4 Table #1 of Article 449a Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II ESRS 2 General Disclosures | Strategy,
Involvement in activities related to fossil Annex 1 Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) business model and value chain
fuel activities paragraph 40 (d) i 2022/2453(6) Table 1: Qualitative information on
Environmental risk and Table 2: Qualitative information
on Social risk
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Indicator number 9 Table #2 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II ESRS 2 General Disclosures | Strategy,
Involvement in activities related to Annex 1 business model and value chain
chemical production paragraph 40 (d) ii
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Indicator number 14 Table #1 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818(7), Article ESRS 2 General Disclosures | Strategy,
Involvement in activities related to Annex 1 12(1) Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, business model and value chain
controversial weapons paragraph 40 (d) iii Annex II
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Article ESRS 2 General Disclosures | Strategy,
Involvement in activities related to 12(1) Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, business model and value chain
cultivation and production of tobacco Annex II
paragraph 40 (d) iv
ESRS E1-1 Regulation (EU) 2021/1119, Article 2(1) E1 – Climate Change | Transition plan for
Transition plan to reach climate neutrality climate change mitigation
by 2050 paragraph 14
ESRS E1-1 Article 449a Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, E1 – Climate Change | Transition plan for
Undertakings excluded from Paris-aligned Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Commission Article12.1 (d) to (g), and Article 12.2 climate change mitigation
Benchmarks paragraph 16 (g) Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 Template 1:
Banking book-Climate Change transition risk: Credit
quality of exposures by sector, emissions and residual
maturity
ESRS E1-4 Indicator number 4 Table #2 of Article 449a Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Article 6 E1 – Climate Change | Targets related to
GHG emission reduction targets Annex 1 Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Commission Climate Change
paragraph 34 Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 Template
3: Banking book – Climate change transition risk:
alignment metrics
ESRS E1-5 Indicator number 5 Table #1 and E1 – Climate Change | Energy consumption
Energy consumption from fossil sources Indicator n. 5 Table #2 of Annex 1 and mix
disaggregated by sources (only high
climate impact sectors) paragraph 38
ESRS E1-5 Energy consumption and mix Indicator number 5 Table #1 of E1 – Climate Change | Energy consumption
paragraph 37 Annex 1 and mix
ESRS E1-5 Indicator number 6 Table #1 of E1 – Climate Change | Energy consumption
Energy intensity associated with activities Annex 1 and mix
in high climate impact sectors paragraphs
40 to 43
ESRS E1-6 Indicators number 1 and 2 Table Article 449a; Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Article E1 – Climate Change | Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3
Gross Scope 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG #1 of Annex 1 Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 Template 1: 5(1), 6 and 8(1) and Total GHG Emissions
emissions paragraph 44 Banking book – Climate change transition risk: Credit
quality of exposures by sector, emissions and residual
maturity
ESRS E1-6 Indicators number 3 Table #1 of Article 449a Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Article E1 – Climate Change | Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3
Gross GHG emissions intensity Annex 1 Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 Template 8(1) and Total GHG Emissions
paragraphs 53 to 55 3: Banking book – Climate change transition risk:
alignment metrics
ESRS E1-7 Regulation (EU) 2021/1119, Article 2(1) E1 – Climate Change | GHG removals and
GHG removals and carbon credits GHG mitigation projects financed through
paragraph 56 carbon credits
210
Disclosure Requirement and related data SFDR (1) reference Pillar 3 (2) reference Benchmark Regulation (3) reference EU Disclosure
point Climate Law (4) reference
ESRS E1-9 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Annex II For fiscal year 2025, which corresponds
Exposure of the benchmark portfolio to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II to the second year of sustainability report
climate-related physical risks paragraph preparation under the ESRS, Ferrari has
66 decided to make use of the phase-in option
in relation to the disclosure of the expected
ESRS E1-9 Article 449a Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Commission financial effects of physical and material
Disaggregation of monetary amounts by Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 paragraphs transition risks.
acute and chronic physical risk paragraph 46 and 47; Template 5: Banking book - Climate change
66 (a) physical risk: Exposures subject to physical risk.
ESRS E1-9
Location of significant assets at material
physical risk paragraph 66 (c).
ESRS E1-9 Breakdown of the carrying Article 449a Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Commission
value of its real estate assets by energy- Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 paragraph
efficiency classes paragraph 67 (c). 34; Template 2:Banking book -Climate change transition
risk: Loans collateralized by immovable property -
Energy efficiency of the collateral
ESRS E1-9 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Annex II
Degree of exposure of the portfolio to
climate- related opportunities paragraph
69
ESRS E2-4 Indicator number 8 Table #1 of Not relevant according to Ferrari’s double
Amount of each pollutant listed in Annex Annex 1 Indicator number 2 Table materiality assessment
II of the E-PRTR Regulation (European #2 of Annex 1 Indicator number
Pollutant Release and Transfer Register) 1 Table #2 of Annex 1 Indicator
emitted to air, water and soil, paragraph 28 number 3 Table #2 of Annex 1
ESRS E3-1 Indicator number 7 Table #2 of Not relevant according to Ferrari’s double
Water and marine resources paragraph 9 Annex 1 materiality assessment
ESRS E3-1 Indicator number 8 Table 2 of
Dedicated policy paragraph 13 Annex 1
ESRS E3-1 Indicator number 12 Table #2 of
Sustainable oceans and seas paragraph Annex 1
14
ESRS E3-4 Indicator number 6.2 Table #2 of
Total water recycled and reused Annex 1
paragraph 28 (c)
ESRS E3-4 Indicator number 6.1 Table #2 of
Total water consumption in m3 per net Annex 1
revenue on own operations paragraph 29
ESRS 2- IRO 1 - E4 paragraph 16 (a) i Indicator number 7 Table #1 of Not relevant according to Ferrari’s double
Annex 1 materiality assessment
ESRS 2- IRO 1 - E4 paragraph 16 (b) Indicator number 10 Table #2 of
Annex 1
ESRS 2- IRO 1 - E4 paragraph 16 (c) Indicator number 14 Table #2 of
Annex 1
ESRS E4-2 Indicator number 11 Table #2 of
Sustainable land / agriculture practices or Annex 1
policies paragraph 24 (b)
ESRS E4-2 Indicator number 12 Table #2 of
Sustainable oceans / seas practices or Annex 1
policies paragraph 24 (c)
ESRS E4-2 Indicator number 15 Table #2 of
Policies to address deforestation Annex 1
paragraph 24 (d)
ESRS E5-5 Indicator number 13 Table #2 of E5 - Resource Use and Circular Economy |
Non-recycled waste paragraph 37 (d) Annex 1 Resource Outflows
ESRS E5-5 Indicator number 9 Table #1 of E5 - Resource Use and Circular Economy |
Hazardous waste and radioactive waste Annex 1 Resource Outflows
paragraph 39
211
Disclosure Requirement and related data SFDR (1) reference Pillar 3 (2) reference Benchmark Regulation (3) reference EU Disclosure
point Climate Law (4) reference
ESRS E1-9 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Annex II For fiscal year 2025, which corresponds
Exposure of the benchmark portfolio to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II to the second year of sustainability report
climate-related physical risks paragraph preparation under the ESRS, Ferrari has
66 decided to make use of the phase-in option
in relation to the disclosure of the expected
ESRS E1-9 Article 449a Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Commission financial effects of physical and material
Disaggregation of monetary amounts by Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 paragraphs transition risks.
acute and chronic physical risk paragraph 46 and 47; Template 5: Banking book - Climate change
66 (a) physical risk: Exposures subject to physical risk.
ESRS E1-9
Location of significant assets at material
physical risk paragraph 66 (c).
ESRS E1-9 Breakdown of the carrying Article 449a Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Commission
value of its real estate assets by energy- Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 paragraph
efficiency classes paragraph 67 (c). 34; Template 2:Banking book -Climate change transition
risk: Loans collateralized by immovable property -
Energy efficiency of the collateral
ESRS E1-9 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Annex II
Degree of exposure of the portfolio to
climate- related opportunities paragraph
69
ESRS E2-4 Indicator number 8 Table #1 of Not relevant according to Ferrari’s double
Amount of each pollutant listed in Annex Annex 1 Indicator number 2 Table materiality assessment
II of the E-PRTR Regulation (European #2 of Annex 1 Indicator number
Pollutant Release and Transfer Register) 1 Table #2 of Annex 1 Indicator
emitted to air, water and soil, paragraph 28 number 3 Table #2 of Annex 1
ESRS E3-1 Indicator number 7 Table #2 of Not relevant according to Ferrari’s double
Water and marine resources paragraph 9 Annex 1 materiality assessment
ESRS E3-1 Indicator number 8 Table 2 of
Dedicated policy paragraph 13 Annex 1
ESRS E3-1 Indicator number 12 Table #2 of
Sustainable oceans and seas paragraph Annex 1
14
ESRS E3-4 Indicator number 6.2 Table #2 of
Total water recycled and reused Annex 1
paragraph 28 (c)
ESRS E3-4 Indicator number 6.1 Table #2 of
Total water consumption in m3 per net Annex 1
revenue on own operations paragraph 29
ESRS 2- IRO 1 - E4 paragraph 16 (a) i Indicator number 7 Table #1 of Not relevant according to Ferrari’s double
Annex 1 materiality assessment
ESRS 2- IRO 1 - E4 paragraph 16 (b) Indicator number 10 Table #2 of
Annex 1
ESRS 2- IRO 1 - E4 paragraph 16 (c) Indicator number 14 Table #2 of
Annex 1
ESRS E4-2 Indicator number 11 Table #2 of
Sustainable land / agriculture practices or Annex 1
policies paragraph 24 (b)
ESRS E4-2 Indicator number 12 Table #2 of
Sustainable oceans / seas practices or Annex 1
policies paragraph 24 (c)
ESRS E4-2 Indicator number 15 Table #2 of
Policies to address deforestation Annex 1
paragraph 24 (d)
ESRS E5-5 Indicator number 13 Table #2 of E5 - Resource Use and Circular Economy |
Non-recycled waste paragraph 37 (d) Annex 1 Resource Outflows
ESRS E5-5 Indicator number 9 Table #1 of E5 - Resource Use and Circular Economy |
Hazardous waste and radioactive waste Annex 1 Resource Outflows
paragraph 39
212
Disclosure Requirement and related data SFDR (1) reference Pillar 3 (2) reference Benchmark Regulation (3) reference EU Disclosure
point Climate Law (4) reference
ESRS 2- SBM3 - S1 Indicator number 13 Table #3 of S1 - Own workforce | Own Workforce
Risk of incidents of forced labour Annex I Material Impacts, Risks and Opportunities
paragraph 14 (f)
ESRS 2- SBM3 - S1 Indicator number 12 Table #3 of S1 - Own workforce | Own Workforce
Risk of incidents of child labour paragraph Annex I Material Impacts, Risks and Opportunities
14 (g)
ESRS S1-1 Indicator number 9 Table #3 and S1 - Own workforce | Policies related to Own
Human rights policy commitments Indicator number 11 Table #1 of Workforce
paragraph 20 Annex I
ESRS S1-1 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II S1 - Own workforce | Policies related to Own
Due diligence policies on issues addressed Workforce
by the fundamental International
Labor Organization Conventions 1 to 8,
paragraph 21
ESRS S1-1 Indicator number 11 Table #3 of S1 - Own workforce | Policies related to Own
processes and measures for preventing Annex I Workforce
trafficking in human beings paragraph 22
ESRS S1-1 Indicator number 1 Table #3 of S1- Own workforce | Policies related to Own
workplace accident prevention policy or Annex I Workforce
management system paragraph 23
ESRS S1-3 Indicator number 5 Table #3 of S1 - Own workforce | Addressing Negative
grievance/complaints handling Annex I Impacts and Own Workforce Concerns
mechanisms paragraph 32 (c)
ESRS S1-14 Indicator number 2 Table #3 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II S1 – Own workforce | Metrics related to
Number of fatalities and number and rate Annex I Own Workforce | Health, Safety and well-
of work- related accidents paragraph 88 being
(b) and (c)
ESRS S1-14 Indicator number 3 Table #3 of S1 – Own workforce | Metrics related to
Number of days lost to injuries, accidents, Annex I Own Workforce | Health, Safety and well-
fatalities or illness paragraph 88 (e) being
ESRS S1-16 Indicator number 12 Table #1 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II S1 – Own workforce | Metrics related to
Unadjusted gender pay gap paragraph Annex I Own Workforce | Gender Pay Gap
97 (a)
ESRS S1-16 Indicator number 8 Table #3 of S1 – Own workforce | Metrics related
Excessive CEO pay ratio paragraph 97 (b) Annex I to Own Workforce | Annual Total
Remuneration Ratio
ESRS S1-17 Indicator number 7 Table #3 of S1 - Own workforce | Metrics related to Own
Incidents of discrimination paragraph 103 Annex I Workforce
(a)
ESRS S1-17 Non-respect of UNGPs on Indicator number 10 Table #1 and Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II S1 - Own workforce | Metrics related to Own
Business and Human Rights and OECD Indicator n. 14 Table #3 of Annex I Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818 Art 12 (1) Workforce
paragraph 104 (a)
ESRS 2- SBM3 – S2 Indicators number 12 and n. 13 S2 - Workers in the Value Chain | Workers in
Significant risk of child labour or forced Table #3 of Annex I the Value Chain Material Impacts, Risks and
labour in the value chain paragraph 11 (b) Opportunities
ESRS S2-1 Indicator number 9 Table #3 and S2 - Workers in the Value Chain | Policies
Human rights policy commitments Indicator n. 11 Table #1 of Annex 1 related to Workers in the Value Chain
paragraph 17
ESRS S2-1 Policies related to value chain Indicator number 11 and n. 4 Table S2 - Workers in the Value Chain | Policies
workers paragraph 18 #3 of Annex 1 related to Workers in the Value Chain
ESRS S2-1 Non-respect of UNGPs on Indicator number 10 Table #1 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II S2 - Workers in the Value Chain | Policies
Business and Human Rights principles and Annex 1 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Art 12 (1) related to Workers in the Value Chain
OECD guidelines paragraph 19
ESRS S2-1 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II S2 - Workers in the Value Chain | Policies
Due diligence policies on issues addressed related to Workers in the Value Chain
by the fundamental International
Labor Organization Conventions 1 to 8,
paragraph 19
213
Disclosure Requirement and related data SFDR (1) reference Pillar 3 (2) reference Benchmark Regulation (3) reference EU Disclosure
point Climate Law (4) reference
ESRS 2- SBM3 - S1 Indicator number 13 Table #3 of S1 - Own workforce | Own Workforce
Risk of incidents of forced labour Annex I Material Impacts, Risks and Opportunities
paragraph 14 (f)
ESRS 2- SBM3 - S1 Indicator number 12 Table #3 of S1 - Own workforce | Own Workforce
Risk of incidents of child labour paragraph Annex I Material Impacts, Risks and Opportunities
14 (g)
ESRS S1-1 Indicator number 9 Table #3 and S1 - Own workforce | Policies related to Own
Human rights policy commitments Indicator number 11 Table #1 of Workforce
paragraph 20 Annex I
ESRS S1-1 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II S1 - Own workforce | Policies related to Own
Due diligence policies on issues addressed Workforce
by the fundamental International
Labor Organization Conventions 1 to 8,
paragraph 21
ESRS S1-1 Indicator number 11 Table #3 of S1 - Own workforce | Policies related to Own
processes and measures for preventing Annex I Workforce
trafficking in human beings paragraph 22
ESRS S1-1 Indicator number 1 Table #3 of S1- Own workforce | Policies related to Own
workplace accident prevention policy or Annex I Workforce
management system paragraph 23
ESRS S1-3 Indicator number 5 Table #3 of S1 - Own workforce | Addressing Negative
grievance/complaints handling Annex I Impacts and Own Workforce Concerns
mechanisms paragraph 32 (c)
ESRS S1-14 Indicator number 2 Table #3 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II S1 – Own workforce | Metrics related to
Number of fatalities and number and rate Annex I Own Workforce | Health, Safety and well-
of work- related accidents paragraph 88 being
(b) and (c)
ESRS S1-14 Indicator number 3 Table #3 of S1 – Own workforce | Metrics related to
Number of days lost to injuries, accidents, Annex I Own Workforce | Health, Safety and well-
fatalities or illness paragraph 88 (e) being
ESRS S1-16 Indicator number 12 Table #1 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II S1 – Own workforce | Metrics related to
Unadjusted gender pay gap paragraph Annex I Own Workforce | Gender Pay Gap
97 (a)
ESRS S1-16 Indicator number 8 Table #3 of S1 – Own workforce | Metrics related
Excessive CEO pay ratio paragraph 97 (b) Annex I to Own Workforce | Annual Total
Remuneration Ratio
ESRS S1-17 Indicator number 7 Table #3 of S1 - Own workforce | Metrics related to Own
Incidents of discrimination paragraph 103 Annex I Workforce
(a)
ESRS S1-17 Non-respect of UNGPs on Indicator number 10 Table #1 and Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II S1 - Own workforce | Metrics related to Own
Business and Human Rights and OECD Indicator n. 14 Table #3 of Annex I Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818 Art 12 (1) Workforce
paragraph 104 (a)
ESRS 2- SBM3 – S2 Indicators number 12 and n. 13 S2 - Workers in the Value Chain | Workers in
Significant risk of child labour or forced Table #3 of Annex I the Value Chain Material Impacts, Risks and
labour in the value chain paragraph 11 (b) Opportunities
ESRS S2-1 Indicator number 9 Table #3 and S2 - Workers in the Value Chain | Policies
Human rights policy commitments Indicator n. 11 Table #1 of Annex 1 related to Workers in the Value Chain
paragraph 17
ESRS S2-1 Policies related to value chain Indicator number 11 and n. 4 Table S2 - Workers in the Value Chain | Policies
workers paragraph 18 #3 of Annex 1 related to Workers in the Value Chain
ESRS S2-1 Non-respect of UNGPs on Indicator number 10 Table #1 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II S2 - Workers in the Value Chain | Policies
Business and Human Rights principles and Annex 1 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Art 12 (1) related to Workers in the Value Chain
OECD guidelines paragraph 19
ESRS S2-1 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II S2 - Workers in the Value Chain | Policies
Due diligence policies on issues addressed related to Workers in the Value Chain
by the fundamental International
Labor Organization Conventions 1 to 8,
paragraph 19
214
Disclosure Requirement and related data SFDR (1) reference Pillar 3 (2) reference Benchmark Regulation (3) reference EU Disclosure
point Climate Law (4) reference
ESRS S2-4 Indicator number 14 Table #3 of S2 - Workers in the Value Chain | Actions
Human rights issues and incidents Annex 1 related to Workers in the Value Chain
connected to its upstream and
downstream value chain paragraph 36
ESRS S3-1 Indicator number 9 Table #3 of S3 - Affected Communities | Policies related
Human rights policy commitments Annex 1 and Indicator number 11 to Affected Communities
paragraph 16 Table #1 of Annex 1
ESRS S3-1 Indicator number 10 Table #1 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II S3 - Affected Communities | Policies related
non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Annex 1 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Art 12 (1) to Affected Communities
Human Rights, ILO principles or and OECD
guidelines paragraph 17
ESRS S3-4 Indicator number 14 Table #3 of S3 - Affected communities | Our policy
Human rights issues and incidents Annex 1
paragraph 36
ESRS S4-1 Policies related to consumers Indicator number 9 Table #3 and S4 – Consumers and End-users | Policies
and end-users paragraph 16 Indicator number 11 Table #1 of related to Consumers and End-users
Annex 1
ESRS S4-1 Indicator number 10 Table #1 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II S4 – Consumers and End-users | Policies
Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Annex 1 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Art 12 (1) related to Consumers and End-users
Human Rights and OECD guidelines
paragraph 17
ESRS S4-4 Indicator number 14 Table #3 of S4 – Consumers and End-users | Actions
Human rights issues and incidents Annex 1 related to Consumers and End users
paragraph 35
ESRS G1-1 Indicator number 15 Table #3 of G1 – Business Conduct | Business Conduct
United Nations Convention against Annex 1 policies and corporate culture
Corruption paragraph 10 (b)
ESRS G1-1 Indicator number 6 Table #3 of G1 – Business Conduct | Business Conduct
Protection of whistle- blowers paragraph Annex 1 policies and corporate culture
10 (d)
ESRS G1-4 G1 - Business Conduct | Incidents of
Fines for violation of anti- corruption and corruption or bribery
anti-bribery laws paragraph 24 (a)
ESRS G1-4 Indicator number 16 Table #3 of G1 - Business Conduct | Incidents of
Standards of anti- corruption and anti- Annex 1 corruption or bribery
bribery paragraph 24 (b)
(1) Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council of November 27, 2019 on sustainability-related disclosures
in the financial services sector (Sustainable Finance Disclosures Regulation) (OJ L 317, 9.12.2019, p. 1).
(2) Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 26, 2013 on prudential requirements for credit
institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation “CRR”) (OJ L 176,
27.6.2013, p. 1).
(3) Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 8, 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (OJ L 171, 29.6.2016, p. 1).
(4) Regulation (EU) 2021/1119 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 30, 2021 establishing the framework for achieving
climate neutrality and amending Regulations (EC) No 401/2009 and (EU) 2018/1999 (‘European Climate Law’) (OJ L 243, 9.7.2021, p. 1).
215
Disclosure Requirement and related data SFDR (1) reference Pillar 3 (2) reference Benchmark Regulation (3) reference EU Disclosure
point Climate Law (4) reference
ESRS S2-4 Indicator number 14 Table #3 of S2 - Workers in the Value Chain | Actions
Human rights issues and incidents Annex 1 related to Workers in the Value Chain
connected to its upstream and
downstream value chain paragraph 36
ESRS S3-1 Indicator number 9 Table #3 of S3 - Affected Communities | Policies related
Human rights policy commitments Annex 1 and Indicator number 11 to Affected Communities
paragraph 16 Table #1 of Annex 1
ESRS S3-1 Indicator number 10 Table #1 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II S3 - Affected Communities | Policies related
non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Annex 1 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Art 12 (1) to Affected Communities
Human Rights, ILO principles or and OECD
guidelines paragraph 17
ESRS S3-4 Indicator number 14 Table #3 of S3 - Affected communities | Our policy
Human rights issues and incidents Annex 1
paragraph 36
ESRS S4-1 Policies related to consumers Indicator number 9 Table #3 and S4 – Consumers and End-users | Policies
and end-users paragraph 16 Indicator number 11 Table #1 of related to Consumers and End-users
Annex 1
ESRS S4-1 Indicator number 10 Table #1 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II S4 – Consumers and End-users | Policies
Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Annex 1 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Art 12 (1) related to Consumers and End-users
Human Rights and OECD guidelines
paragraph 17
ESRS S4-4 Indicator number 14 Table #3 of S4 – Consumers and End-users | Actions
Human rights issues and incidents Annex 1 related to Consumers and End users
paragraph 35
ESRS G1-1 Indicator number 15 Table #3 of G1 – Business Conduct | Business Conduct
United Nations Convention against Annex 1 policies and corporate culture
Corruption paragraph 10 (b)
ESRS G1-1 Indicator number 6 Table #3 of G1 – Business Conduct | Business Conduct
Protection of whistle- blowers paragraph Annex 1 policies and corporate culture
10 (d)
ESRS G1-4 G1 - Business Conduct | Incidents of
Fines for violation of anti- corruption and corruption or bribery
anti-bribery laws paragraph 24 (a)
ESRS G1-4 Indicator number 16 Table #3 of G1 - Business Conduct | Incidents of
Standards of anti- corruption and anti- Annex 1 corruption or bribery
bribery paragraph 24 (b)
(5) Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816 of July 17, 2020 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European
Parliament and of the Council as regards the explanation in the benchmark statement of how environmental, social and governance
factors are reflected in each benchmark provided and published (OJ L 406, 3.12.2020, p. 1).
(6) Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 of November 30, 2022 amending the implementing technical standards laid
down in Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/637 as regards the disclosure of environmental, social and governance risks (OJ L
324,19.12.2022, p.1.).
(7) Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818 of July 17, 2020 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European
Parliament and of the Council as regards minimum standards for EU Climate Transition Benchmarks and EU Paris-aligned
Benchmarks (OJ L 406, 3.12.2020, p. 17).
216
CONTENT INDEX
Disclosure Requirement Disclosure section
GENERAL DISCLOSURES
ESRS 2 BP-1 General basis for preparation of sustainability ESRS 2 - General Disclosures | Basis for preparation
statements
ESRS 2 BP-2 Disclosures in relation to specific circumstances ESRS 2 - General Disclosures | Basis for preparation
ESRS 2 GOV-1 The role of the administrative, management and ESRS 2 - General Disclosures | Governance | The role of the
supervisory bodies administrative, management and supervisory bodies
ESRS 2 GOV-2 Information provided to and sustainability matters ESRS 2 - General Disclosures | Governance | Information provided
addressed by the undertaking’s administrative, management and to and sustainability matters addressed by the undertaking’s
supervisory bodies administrative, management and supervisory bodies
ESRS 2 GOV-3 Integration of sustainability-related performance in ESRS 2 - General Disclosures | Governance | Integration of
incentive scheme sustainability-related performance in incentive scheme
ESRS 2 GOV-4 Statement on due diligence ESRS 2 - General Disclosures | Governance | Statement on due
diligence
ESRS 2 GOV-5 Risk management and internal controls over ESRS 2 - General Disclosures | Governance | Risk management and
sustainability reporting internal controls over sustainability reporting
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Strategy, business model and value chain ESRS 2 - General Disclosure | Strategy, business model and value
chain
ESRS 2 SBM-2 Interests and views of stakeholders ESRS 2 - General Disclosure | Strategy, business model and value
chain | Interests and views of stakeholders
ESRS 2 SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their ESRS 2 - General Disclosures | Impacts, risks and opportunities
interaction with strategy and business model management
ESRS 2 IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess ESRS 2 - General Disclosure | Impacts, risks and opportunities
material impacts, risks and opportunities management
ESRS 2 IRO-2 Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by the ESRS 2 - General Disclosure | Impacts, risks and opportunities
undertaking’s sustainability statement management
ESRS 2 MDR-P Minimum disclosure requirement on Policies Please refer to MDR-P disclosed in each Topical Standard below.
ESRS 2 MDR-A Minimum disclosure requirement on Actions Please refer to MDR-A disclosed in each Topical Standard below.
ESRS 2 MDR-T Minimum disclosure requirement on Targets Please refer to MDR-T disclosed in each Topical Standard below.
ESRS 2 MDR-M Minimum disclosure requirement on Metrics Please refer to MDR-M disclosed in each Topical Standard below.
ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION
E1 CLIMATE CHANGE
ESRS 2 GOV-3 E1 Integration of sustainability-related performance E1 - Climate Change | Targets related to Climate Change
in incentive scheme
ESRS E1-1 Transition plan for climate change mitigation E1 - Climate Change | Transition plan for climate change mitigation
ESRS 2 SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their E1 - Climate Change | Climate Change Impacts, Risks and
interaction with strategy and business model Opportunities
ESRS 2 IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess E1 – Climate Change | Climate Change Impacts, Risks and
material climate-related impacts, risks and opportunities Opportunities
ESRS E1-2, MDR-P Policies related to climate change mitigation and E1 – Climate Change | Policies related to Climate Change
adaptation
ESRS E1-3, MDR-A Actions and resources in relation to climate E1 – Climate Change | Action related to Climate Change
change policies
ESRS E1-4, MDR-T Targets related to climate change mitigation and E1 – Climate Change | Targets related to Climate Change
adaptation
ESRS E1-5 Energy consumption and mix E1 – Climate Change | Energy consumption and mix
ESRS E1-6 Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG emissions E1 – Climate Change | Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG Emissions
ESRS E1-7 GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed E1 – Climate Change | GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects
through carbon credits financed through carbon credits
217
ESRS E1-8 Internal carbon pricing E1 – Climate Change | Internal carbon pricing
ESRS E1-9 Anticipated financial effects from material physical and For fiscal year 2025, which corresponds to the second year of
transition risks and potential climate-related opportunities sustainability report preparation under the ESRS, Ferrari has
decided to make use of the phase-in option in relation to the
disclosure of the expected financial effects of physical and
material transition risks.
E2 POLLUTION
ESRS 2, IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess E2 Pollution | Substances of concerns and substances of very high
material pollution-related impacts, risks and opportunities concern Material Impacts, Risks and Opportunities
ESRS E2-1, MDR-P Policies related to pollution E2 Pollution | Policies related to Substances of concern and
substances of very high concern
ESRS E2-2, MDR-A Actions and resources related to pollution E2 Pollution | Actions related to Substances of concern and
substances of very high concern
ESRS E2-3, MDR-T Targets related to pollution E2 Pollution | Targets related to Substances of concern and
substances of very high concern
ESRS E2-5 Substances of concern and substances of very high E2 Pollution | Metrics related to Substances of concern and
concern substances of very high concern
ESRS E2-6 Anticipated financial effects from pollution-related For fiscal year 2025, which corresponds to the second year of
impacts, risks and opportunities sustainability report preparation under the ESRS, Ferrari has
decided to make use of the phase-in option in relation to the
disclosure of the expected financial effects of physical and
material transition risks.
E3 WATER AND MARINE RESOURCES
ESRS 2, IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and ESRS 2 - General Disclosure | Impacts, risks and opportunities
assess water and marine resources-related impacts, risks and management
opportunities
E4 BIODIVERSITY AND ECOSYSTEMS
ESRS 2, IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and ESRS 2 - General Disclosure | Impacts, risks and opportunities
assess biodiversity and ecosystem-related impacts, risks and management
opportunities
E5 RESOURCE USE AND CIRCULAR ECONOMY
ESRS 2 IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess E5 - Resource Use and Circular Economy | Resource Use and
material resource use and circular economy-related impacts, risks Circular Economy Material Impacts, Risks and Opportunities
and opportunities
ESRS E5-1, MDR-P Policies related to resource use and circular E5 - Resource Use and Circular Economy | Policies related to
economy Resource Use and Circular Economy
ESRS E5-2, MDR-A Actions and resources related to resource use E5 - Resource Use and Circular Economy | Actions related to
and circular economy Resource Use and Circular Economy
ESRS E5-3, MDR-T Targets related to resource use and circular E5 - Resource Use and Circular Economy | Targets related to
economy Resource Use and Circular Economy
ESRS E5-4 Resource inflows E5 - Resource Use and Circular Economy | Resource inflows
ESRS E5-5 Resource outflows E5 - Resource Use and Circular Economy | Resource outflows,
Durability
ESRS E5-6 Anticipated financial effects from resource use and For fiscal year 2025, which corresponds to the second year of
circular economy-related impacts, risks and opportunities sustainability report preparation under the ESRS, Ferrari has
decided to make use of the phase-in option in relation to the
disclosure of the expected financial effects of physical and
material transition risks.
SOCIAL INFORMATION
S1 OWN WORKFORCE
ESRS 2 SBM-2 Interests and views of stakeholders S1 – Own Workforce | Interests and Views of Stakeholders
ESRS 2 SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their S1 – Own Workforce | Own Workforce Material Impacts, Risks and
interaction with strategy and business model Opportunities
ESRS S1-1 Policies related to own workforce S1 – Own Workforce | Policies related to Own Workforce
218
ESRS S1-2 Processes for engaging with own workers and workers’ S1 – Own Workforce | Engaging Own Workforce
representatives about impacts
ESRS S1-3 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels S1 – Own Workforce | Addressing Negative Impacts and Own
for own workers to raise concern Workforce Concerns
ESRS S1-4, MDR-A Taking action on material impacts on own S1 – Own Workforce | Actions related to Own Workforce
workforce, and approaches to mitigating material risks and
pursuing material opportunities related to own workforce, and
effectiveness of those actions
ESRS S1-5, MDR-T Targets related to managing material negative S1 – Own Workforce | Targets related to Own Workforce
impacts, advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks
and opportunities
ESRS S1-6 Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees S1 – Own Workforce | Metrics related to Own Workforce |
Characteristics of Ferrari employees
ESRS S1-7 Characteristics of non-employee workers in the S1 – Own Workforce | Metrics related to Own Workforce |
undertaking’s own workforce Characteristics of Ferrari non-employees
ESRS S1-9 Diversity metrics S1 – Own Workforce | Metrics related to Own Workforce | Diversity
and Inclusion
ESRS S1-10 Adequate wage S1 – Own Workforce | Metrics related to Own Workforce |
Adequate wages
ESRS S1-11 Social protection For fiscal year 2025, which corresponds to the second year of
sustainability report preparation under the ESRS, Ferrari has
decided to make use of the phase-in option in relation to the
disclosure of social protection information.
ESRS S1-12 Persons with disabilities For fiscal year 2025, which corresponds to the second year of
sustainability report preparation under the ESRS, Ferrari has
decided to make use of the phase-in option in relation to the
disclosure of people with disabilities information.
ESRS S1-13 Training and skills development metric S1 – Own Workforce | Metrics related to Own Workforce | Training
and Talent Development, Talent Recruitment and Employee
Retention
ESRS S1-14 Health and safety metrics S1 – Own Workforce | Metrics related to Own Workforce | Health,
Safety and well-being
ESRS S1-15 Work-life balance metrics For fiscal year 2025, which corresponds to the second year of
sustainability report preparation under the ESRS, Ferrari has
decided to make use of the phase-in option in relation to the
disclosure of Work-life balance information.
ESRS S1-16 Remuneration metrics (pay gap and total S1 – Own Workforce | Metrics related to Own Workforce | Gender
compensation) Pay Gap, Annual Total Remuneration Ratio
ESRS S1-17 Incidents, complaints and severe human rights impacts S1 - Own Workforce | Metrics related to Own Workforce
S2 WORKERS IN THE VALUE CHAIN
ESRS 2 SBM-2 Interests and views of stakeholder S2 - Workers in the Value Chain | Interests and Views of
Stakeholders
ESRS 2 SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their S2 - Workers in the Value Chain | Workers in the Value Chain
interaction with strategy and business model Material Impacts, Risks and Opportunities
ESRS S2-1, MDR-P Policies related to value chain workers S2 - Workers in the Value Chain | Policies related to Workers in the
Value Chain
ESRS S2-2 Processes for engaging with value chain workers about S2 - Workers in the Value Chain | Engaging Value Chain Workers
impacts
ESRS S2-3 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels S2 - Workers in the Value Chain | Addressing Negative Impacts and
for value chain workers to raise concerns Value Chain Worker Concerns
ESRS S2-4, MDR-A Taking action on material impacts on value S2 - Workers in the Value Chain | Actions related to Workers in the
chain workers, and approaches to managing material risks and Value Chain
pursuing material opportunities related to value chain workers,
and effectiveness of those action
ESRS S2-5, MDR-T Targets related to managing material negative S2 - Workers in the Value Chain | Targets related to Workers in the
impacts, advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks Value Chain
and opportunities
219
S3 AFFECTED COMMUNITIES
ESRS 2 SBM-2 Interests and views of stakeholders S3 - Affected Communities | Interests and Views of Stakeholders
ESRS 2 SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their S3 - Affected Communities | Affected Communities Material
interaction with strategy and business model Impacts, Risks and Opportunities
ESRS S3-1, MDR-P Policies related to affected communities S3 - Affected Communities | Policies related to Affected
Communities
ESRS S3-2 Processes for engaging with affected communities S3 - Affected Communities | Engaging Affected Communities
about impacts
ESRS S3-3 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels S3 - Affected Communities | Addressing Negative Impacts and
for affected communities to raise concerns Affected Communities Concerns
ESRS S3-4, MDR-A Taking action on material impacts on affected S3 - Affected Communities | Actions related to Affected
communities, and approaches to managing material risks and Communities
pursuing material opportunities related to affected communities,
and effectiveness of those actions
ESRS S3-5, MDR-T Targets related to managing material negative S3 - Affected Communities | Targets related to Affected
impacts, advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks Communities
and opportunities
S4 CONSUMERS AND END-USERS
ESRS 2 SBM-2 Interests and views of stakeholders S4 - Consumers and End-users | Interests and Views of
Stakeholders
ESRS 2 SBM-3 Impacts, risks and opportunities and their S4 - Consumers and End-users | Consumers and End-users
interaction with strategy and business model Material Impacts, Risks and Opportunities
ESRS S4-1, MDR-P Policies related to consumers and end-users S4 - Consumers and End-users | Policies related to Consumers and
End-users
ESRS S4-2 Processes for engaging with consumers and end-users S4 - Consumers and End-users | Engaging Consumers and End-
about impacts users
ESRS S4-3 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels S4 - Consumers and End-users | Addressing Negative Impacts and
for consumers and end-users to raise concerns Consumers and End-users Concerns
ESRS S4-4, MDR-A Taking action on material impacts on consumers S4 - Consumers and End-users | Actions related to Consumers and
and end-users, and approaches to managing material risks and End-users
pursuing material opportunities related to consumers and end-
users, and effectiveness of those actions
ESRS S4-5, MDR-T Targets related to managing material negative S4 - Consumers and End-users | Targets related to Consumers and
impacts, advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks End-users
and opportunities
G1 BUSINESS CONDUCT
ESRS 2 GOV-1 The role of the administrative, supervisory and G1 - Business Conduct | Business Conduct policies and corporate
management bodies culture
ESRS 2 IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess G1 - Business Conduct | Business Conduct Material Impacts, Risks
material impacts, risks and opportunities and Opportunities
ESRS G1-1, MDR-P Corporate culture and Business conduct G1 - Business Conduct | Business Conduct policies and corporate
policies and corporate culture culture
ESRS G1-2 Management of relationships with suppliers G1 - Business Conduct | Management of relationships with
suppliers
ESRS G1-3 Prevention and detection of corruption and briber G1 - Business Conduct | Prevention and detection of corruption
and bribery
ESRS G1-4 Confirmed incidents of corruption or bribery G1 - Business Conduct | Incidents of corruption or bribery
ESRS G1-6 Payment practice G1 - Business Conduct | Payment Practices
To limit the repetition of information already present in other sections
of the Annual Report or documents, the ESRS Standard allows us to
incorporate information by reference. For 2025, Ferrari N.V. does not
disclose referring to other sections of the Annual Report nor other
documents. References to other sections of the Annual Report are
provided solely to facilitate the exploration of specific matters.
220
EU TAXONOMY
In order to meet the objectives of the European OUR APPROACH TO DISCLOSURE
green deal and to establish a unified EU classifica-
tion system of environmentally sustainable econom- Ferrari has been developing specific analysis to re-
ic activities, the European Commission published in spond to such disclosure requirements. A study was
June 2020 Regulation (EU) 2020/852, the “Taxonomy performed in accordance with the following meth-
Regulation”14. odological steps, briefly described below:
The EU Taxonomy identifies the following six
environmental objectives:
ANALYSIS OF THE ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES OF
(a) climate change mitigation; FERRARI ELIGIBLE AND ALIGNED TO THE EU
(b) climate change adaptation; TAXONOMY
(c) sustainable use and protection of water and ma-
rine resources; We thoroughly analyzed the requirements es-
(d) transition to a circular economy; tablished by the Taxonomy Regulation and the
(e) pollution prevention and control; and Commission’s formally adopted FAQs, identifying
(f) protection and restoration of biodiversity and the economic activity 3.3 “Manufacture of low car-
ecosystems. bon technologies for transport” as the one that
correlates the most with Ferrari’s core activities
Taxonomy-aligned activities are those that comply and operations. Such a process was conducted by
with the requirements laid down in Article 3 of the analyzing both formal Ferrari-related NACE codes
Taxonomy Regulation: as well as its substantial business activities and op-
erations in comparison to the list provided by the
substantially contributes to one or more of the EU Taxonomy. For this activity, the environmental
environmental objectives by meeting the techni- objective most consistent with respect to Ferrari’s
cal screening criteria defined for this economic business is climate change mitigation. Further re-
activity; sidual Ferrari activities and operations are cur-
does no significant harm to the other five objec- rently considered not pertinent to other Taxonomy-
tives; and related economic activities and/or not financially
complies with minimum safeguards. material for the purposes of the relevant KPI(s), in
accordance with the financial materiality threshold
OUR REPORTING REQUIREMENTS introduced by Commission Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2026/73 of July 4, 2025 amending Commission
Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation requires Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178. Accordingly,
non-financial undertakings to disclose information where the cumulative contribution of such activi-
on the proportion of the turnover, capital expendi- ties is below 10% of the relevant KPI denominator,
ture and operating expenditure (“key performance their Taxonomy-eligibility and Taxonomy-alignment
indicators”) of their activities related to assets or have not been assessed. These items are disclosed
processes associated with environmentally sustain- separately as “not assessed activities considered
able economic activities. non-material” in the Taxonomy KPI templates.
The Commission adopted and published the
EU Taxonomy Delegated Acts15 to implement the Substantial contribution
Taxonomy Regulation. The Commission adopted on
July 6, 2021 the Commission Delegated Regulation In the Annexes I and II of the Commission Delegated
(EU) 2021/2178, which specifies the disclosure obliga- Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of June 4, 2021 are estab-
tions of undertakings under Article 8 of the Taxonomy lished the Technical Screening Criteria for determin-
Regulation with respect to the Taxonomy-eligibility ing the conditions under which a specific econom-
and alignment of their activities (“Disclosures ic activity qualifies as contributing substantially to
Delegated Act”). In addition, the Commission adopted climate change mitigation or climate change adap-
on July 4, 2025 the Commission Delegated Regulation tation, respectively. Consequently, those Technical
(EU) 2026/73 (C/2025/4568), introducing simplifica- Screening Criteria specify the minimum require-
tions to the content and presentation of Taxonomy ments that the economic activity should meet in
disclosures and simplifying certain Do No Significant order to qualify as environmentally sustainable. In
Harm technical screening criteria16. 2025, Ferrari conducted a detailed analysis of all
Technical Screening Criteria related to economic ac-
tivities 3.3 to determine the share of Turnover, Capital
221
Expenditure (CapEx) and Operating Expenditure Respect of the Minimum safeguards
(OpEx) aligned with these requirements. From the
analysis performed, all the technical screening cri- The minimum safeguards referred to in point (c) of
teria for substantial contribution to climate change Article 3 and Article 18 of the Taxonomy Regulation
mitigation are met for the portion of activities includ- are represented by procedures implemented by an
ed in the aligned KPI calculation. undertaking that is carrying out an economic activi-
ty to ensure the alignment with the OECD Guidelines
Do no significant harm (DNSH) for Multinational Enterprises and the UN Guiding
Principles on Business and Human Rights. Those
The Climate Delegated Act establishes, for the cli- procedures include the principles and rights set out
mate change mitigation and climate change adapta- in the eight fundamental conventions identified in the
tion environmental objectives, Technical Screening Declaration of the International Labour Organisation
Criteria for determining whether that econom- (ILO) on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work
ic activity causes no significant harm to one or and the International Bill of Human Rights. In order to
more of the environmental objectives laid down in verify compliance with Minimum safeguards on its
Article 9 of the Taxonomy Regulation. Similarly, the activities, Ferrari conducted and updated an anal-
Environmental Delegated Act establishes Technical ysis in light of the information reported in the Final
Screening Criteria for the remaining four environ- Report on Minimum Safeguards published by the
mental objectives. The Technical Screening Criteria Platform on Sustainable Finance in October 2022,
for “do no significant harm” should ensure that and Commission's FAQs.
the economic activity has no significant negative Ferrari is compliant with the safeguards regard-
environmental impact. In 2025, Ferrari conduct- ing human rights in our activities, grievance mech-
ed a detailed analysis of all DNSH criteria related anisms, anti-corruption, competition and taxation.
to economic activities 3.3, including the require- Furthermore, we are developing actions aimed at
ments outlined in the Appendixes to Annex I of the ensuring full compliance with safeguards, through
Climate Delegated Act, to verify alignment with the development of state-of-the-art corporate
the EU Taxonomy. From the analysis performed, due diligence processes on human rights that will
we met the DNSH outlined in Delegated Regulation involve our business partners both upstream and
2021/2139 under the economic activities 3.3 ex- downstream. Suppliers were selected based on risk
cept for a minimal quantity of a substance listed criteria (strategic relevance, geographical location,
in Annex C point c) “substances, whether on their company size, supplier strategy, product category
own, in mixture or in articles, listed in Annexes I or or service). This initiative is the starting point of a
II to Regulation (EC) No 1005/2009 of the European structured ESG due diligence activity. This approach,
Parliament and of the Council”. Regarding Annex integrated into our integrity framework, will be car-
C (Pollution prevention and control), as a company ried out in accordance with the OECD Guidelines
operating in the automotive sector, we require our for Multinational Enterprises and the UN Guiding
suppliers to upload Material Data Sheets (MDS) to Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs).
the International Material Data System (IMDS) por- Through this, it will be possible to classify such busi-
tal. Subsequently, through a cross-check utilizing ness activity as Taxonomy-aligned.
the Global Automotive Declarable Substance List
(GADSL) — which indicates all substances that are ANALYSIS OF 2025 FERRARI TURNOVER,
prohibited or must be declared in the automotive CAPITAL EXPENDITURE AND OPERATING
sector according to existing worldwide regulations EXPENDITURE AND CALCULATION OF EU
(e.g., Regulation (EU) 2019/1021, Regulation (EU) TAXONOMY-RELATED KPIS.
2017/852, Regulation (EC) No. 1907/2006, Directive
2000/53/EC, Directive 2011/65/EU, Regulation We analyzed our turnover, capital and operating ex-
(EC) No. 2024/590) — we ensure the compliance of penditure for the calculation of the KPIs requested
our products. With reference to substances that pursuant to the Taxonomy Regulation and related
meet the criteria of Article 57 of Regulation (EC) No. documentation, according to our current interpre-
1907/2006 and have been identified in accordance tation of the applicable requirements. Where ap-
with Article 59, paragraph 1, of the same regulation plicable for FY2025 reporting, we considered the
(Candidate List of SVHC), we have begun to survey simplification options introduced by Commission
our suppliers regarding possible alternatives that Delegated Regulation (EU) 2026/73, including the
would ensure the required performance for its ap- possibility to treat certain items as non-material un-
plications. Furthermore, we comply with Directive der the conditions set out therein.
2000/53/EC on End-of-Life Vehicles (ELV), and Potential double counting in the allocation in
therefore guarantees that the use of lead, chromi- the numerator of turnover, capital expenditure and
um, mercury, and cadmium is limited solely to those operating expenditure has been avoided through
applications permitted by Annex II of said Directive. the use of the financial information underpin-
ning the Consolidated Financial Statements as of
December 31, 2025.
222
PROPORTION OF TURNOVER, CAPEX, OPEX FROM PRODUCTS OR SERVICES
ASSOCIATED WITH TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE OR TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES
DISCLOSURE COVERING YEAR 2025 (SUMMARY KPIS)
Financial year 2025
Proportion Proportion
of Taxonomy Taxonomy of Taxonomy
KPI eligible activities aligned activities aligned activities
Turnover
Turnover17 KPI: Mugello racetrack and other sports-related
activities, as well as the sale of engines to
(a) Regarding the denominator, we based it on our other Formula 1 racing teams and the sale of
consolidated net turnover in accordance with engines to Maserati, for which the contract
IAS 1.82(a). For further details on our account- expired in December 2023.
ing policies regarding our consolidated net turn- we considered as “aligned”: the revenues
over please refer to the Consolidated Financial related to the shipments of our cars if
Statements of our Annual Report. these cars classified as light-duty vehicles
(b) Regarding the numerator, we analyzed our po- with specific emissions of CO, as defined
tential turnover derived from products or ser- in Article 3(1), point (h), of Regulation (EU)
vices in line with the previous mentioned as- 2019/631, lower than 50 g CO/km (low-and
sumptions: zero-emission light-duty vehicles) and at the
we considered as “eligible”: the revenues same time respects both the compliance
related to the shipments of our cars to with all DNSH criteria listed in the Delegated
the extent they fall within the scope of Regulation 2021/2139 for such activities and
economic activity 3.3 “Manufacture of the fulfillment of the minimum safeguards.
low carbon technologies for transport” As of 2025, our sports cars are above the
(including, for light-duty vehicles, the required emissions threshold.
relevant CO emissions thresholds set out we considered as “not eligible”: the revenues
in the activity description for the reporting generated from the sales of spare parts; the
period), and any personalization generated revenues earned by our racing teams (mainly
in connection with such shipments. In line in the Formula 1 World Championship and the
with the option provided in Commission World Endurance Championship) through
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2026/73, we sponsorship agreements and our share of the
omitted assessing the Taxonomy-eligibility Formula 1 World Championship commercial
and Taxonomy-alignment of economic revenues as well as the net revenues
activities whose cumulative turnover is generated through the Ferrari brand,
below 10% of the turnover KPI denominator including fashion collection, merchandising,
(“non-material turnover”) namely financial licensing and royalty income.
services activities, the management of the we considered as “not aligned”: the revenues
egnahC
etamilC noitagitim
€/000 % €/000 % % % % % % % % % % €/000 %
7,145,768 74% 0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% - 4.5% 0 0%
egnahc
etamilC noitatpada
retaW
ralucriC ymonoce noitulloP
ytisrevidoiB
Proportion of Taxonomy
Taxonomy aligned aligned activities
Breakdown by environmental objectives Proportion Proportion Not assessed activities activities in previous in previous financial year
Total of Taxonomy aligned activities of enabling activities of transitional activities considered non-material financial year (N-1) (N-1)
CapEx 1,006,204 91% 0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% - 6.5% 0 0%
OpEx 622,452 100% 0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% - 0.4% 0 0%
223
Financial year 2025
Proportion Proportion
of Taxonomy Taxonomy of Taxonomy
KPI eligible activities aligned activities aligned activities
Turnover
egnahC
etamilC noitagitim
€/000 % €/000 % % % % % % % % % % €/000 %
7,145,768 74% 0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% - 4.5% 0 0%
egnahc
etamilC noitatpada
retaW
ralucriC ymonoce noitulloP
ytisrevidoiB
Proportion of Taxonomy
Taxonomy aligned aligned activities
Breakdown by environmental objectives Proportion Proportion Not assessed activities activities in previous in previous financial year
Total of Taxonomy aligned activities of enabling activities of transitional activities considered non-material financial year (N-1) (N-1)
CapEx 1,006,204 91% 0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% - 6.5% 0 0%
OpEx 622,452 100% 0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% - 0.4% 0 0%
related to the shipments of our cars that
have not met one or more of the Technical
Screening Criteria specified in the Delegated
Regulations or that do not fulfil the minimum
safeguards specified in the Article 18 of the
Taxonomy Regulation.
224
PROPORTION OF TURNOVER FROM PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ASSOCIATED
WITH TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE OR TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES
DISCLOSURE COVERING YEAR 2025 (ACTIVITY BREAKDOWN)18
Financial year 2025
Taxonomy eligible KPI Taxonomy aligned KPI Taxonomy aligned KPI
(Proportion of Taxonomy (monetary value (Proportion of Taxonomy
Code eligible Turnover) of Turnover) aligned Turnover)
3.3. Manufacture of low
carbon technologies for
transport
Sum of alignment per objective
Total KPI (Turnover)
egnahC
etamilC noitagitim
% €/000 % % % % % % % (E where applicable) (T where applicable) %
CCM 3.3 74% 0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% E - 0%
74% 0 0% E 0%
egnahc
etamilC noitatpada
retaW
ralucriC ymonoce noitulloP
ytisrevidoiB
Reported KPI (Turnover)
Proportion
Economic Environmental objectives of Taxonomy of Taxonomy aligned
activities aligned activities Enabling activity Transitional activity in Taxonomy eligible
In 2025, the taxonomy-eligible turnover share re- accounting policies regarding our capital expen-
mained stable from the previous year. diture, please refer to the Consolidated Financial
In October 2025, we started the three-phase Statements of our Annual Report.
launch of our first full electric Ferrari, the Ferrari (d) Regarding the numerator, we analyzed our cap-
Luce, with the presentation of its key technical ital expenditures in line with the previous men-
components and product development strategy, tioned assumptions. In line with the option pro-
which was followed by the unveiling of the interior vided in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU)
design and the announcement of the model's name 2026/73, we omitted assessing the Taxonomy-
in February 2026. Therefore, to date, such revenues eligibility and Taxonomy-alignment of economic
are equal to zero. activities whose cumulative CapEx is below 10%
Capital Expenditure19 KPI: of the CapEx KPI denominator (“non-material
CapEx”), namely the financial services activities
(c) Regarding the denominator, it consists of ad- and the additions assets of the other subsidiaries.
ditions to tangible and intangible fixed assets
during the financial year, before depreciation, we considered as “eligible”:
amortization and any re-measurements, includ- the additions of tangible assets related to
ing those resulting from revaluations and im- our production facilities in Maranello and
pairments, as well as excluding changes in fair Modena;
value. It includes acquisitions of tangible fixed the additions of intangible assets related
assets (IAS 16), intangible fixed assets (IAS 38) to externally acquired and internally
and right-of-use assets (IFRS 16). Additions re- generated development costs for our
sulting from business combinations are also in- cars as well as patents, concessions
cluded. Goodwill and borrowing costs are not and licenses and other intangible assets
included in the denominator, as it is not defined mainly related to the registration of
as a tangible or intangible asset in accordance trademarks.
with IAS 16 and IAS 38. For further details on our
225
Financial year 2025
Taxonomy eligible KPI Taxonomy aligned KPI Taxonomy aligned KPI
(Proportion of Taxonomy (monetary value (Proportion of Taxonomy
Code eligible Turnover) of Turnover) aligned Turnover)
3.3. Manufacture of low
carbon technologies for
transport
Sum of alignment per objective
Total KPI (Turnover)
egnahC
etamilC noitagitim
% €/000 % % % % % % % (E where applicable) (T where applicable) %
CCM 3.3 74% 0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% E - 0%
74% 0 0% E 0%
egnahc
etamilC noitatpada
retaW
ralucriC ymonoce noitulloP
ytisrevidoiB
Reported KPI (Turnover)
Proportion
Economic Environmental objectives of Taxonomy of Taxonomy aligned
activities aligned activities Enabling activity Transitional activity in Taxonomy eligible
we considered as “aligned”: the additions of criteria listed in the Delegated Regulation
tangible and intangible assets related to the 2021/2139 for such activities and the
development and production of vehicles, that fulfillment of the minimum safeguards as per
in particular classify as light-duty vehicles Article 3 and 18 of the Taxonomy Regulation
with specific emissions of CO, as defined was verified;
in Article 3(1), point (h), of Regulation (EU) we considered as “not eligible”: the remaining
2019/631, lower than 50 g CO/km (low-and additions of tangible and intangible assets.
zero-emission light-duty vehicles). Moreover, we considered as “not aligned”: the additions
we consider the additions of tangible and of tangible and intangible assets related
intangible assets related to the plan to allow to the development and production of our
Taxonomy-eligible economic activities to vehicles that have not met one or more of the
become Taxonomy-aligned (“CapEx plan”) Technical Screening Criteria specified in the
under the conditions specified in the second Delegated Regulations or that do not fulfil the
subparagraph of the point 1.1.2.2 of Annex 1 minimum safeguards specified in the Article
of the Disclosure Delegated Act. At the same 18 of the Taxonomy Regulation.
time, both the compliance with all DNSH
226
PROPORTION OF CAPEX FROM PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ASSOCIATED WITH
TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE OR TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES
DISCLOSURE COVERING YEAR 2025 (ACTIVITY BREAKDOWN)20
Financial year 2025
Taxonomy eligible KPI Taxonomy aligned KPI Taxonomy aligned KPI
(Proportion of Taxonomy (monetary value (Proportion of Taxonomy
Code eligible Turnover) of Turnover) aligned Turnover)
3.3. Manufacture of low
carbon technologies for
transport
Sum of alignment per objective
Total KPI (CapEx)
egnahC
etamilC noitagitim
% €/000 % % % % % % % (E where applicable) (T where applicable) %
CCM 3.3 91% 0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% E - 0%
91% 0 0% E 0%
egnahc
etamilC noitatpada
retaW
ralucriC ymonoce noitulloP
ytisrevidoiB
Reported KPI (CapEx)
Proportion
Economic Environmental objectives of Taxonomy of Taxonomy aligned
activities aligned activities Enabling activity Transitional activity in Taxonomy eligible
In 2025, the taxonomy-eligible capital expenditure (f) Regarding the numerator, we analyzed our di-
share remained substantially stable from the previ- rect non-capitalized costs in line with the pre-
ous year. viously mentioned assumptions. In line with
As in FY2024, no additions qualify as Taxonomy- the option provided in Commission Delegated
aligned and therefore the Taxonomy-aligned CapEx Regulation (EU) 2026/73 (C/2025/4568), we
KPI is equal to zero. omitted assessing the Taxonomy-eligibility and
We compiled the financial figures based on the Taxonomy-alignment of economic activities
vehicle model and powertrain technology and we whose cumulative OpEx is below 10% of the
included the capital expenditure that are initially OpEx KPI denominator (“non-material OpEx”),
directly attributed to electric vehicles. Furthermore, namely the maintenance expenditures related
we included in the capital expenditure all other activ- our subsidiaries as well as those related to finan-
ities that according to our medium-term planning, up cial services activities.
to 2030, will contribute to the production of electric we considered as “eligible”:
vehicles. Capital expenditure that was not clearly the direct non-capitalized costs that primarily
attributable to a particular vehicle was taken into relate to research and development
account on a proportionate basis using allocation activities, including Formula 1 racing as
formulas. well as development activities to support
Operating Expenditure21 KPI: the innovation of our product portfolio and
components, in particular, in relation to
(e) Regarding the denominator, it consists of direct electric and other new technologies,
non-capitalized costs that relate to research and the maintenance expenditures related to the
development, building renovation measures, manufacturing of our vehicles;
short-term lease, maintenance and repair, and we considered as “aligned”: the direct non-capi-
any other direct expenditures relating to the talized costs related to the development and pro-
day-to-day servicing of assets of property, plant duction of vehicles, that in particular classify as
and equipment. light-duty vehicles with specific emissions of CO,
227
Financial year 2025
Taxonomy eligible KPI Taxonomy aligned KPI Taxonomy aligned KPI
(Proportion of Taxonomy (monetary value (Proportion of Taxonomy
Code eligible Turnover) of Turnover) aligned Turnover)
3.3. Manufacture of low
carbon technologies for
transport
Sum of alignment per objective
Total KPI (CapEx)
egnahC
etamilC noitagitim
% €/000 % % % % % % % (E where applicable) (T where applicable) %
CCM 3.3 91% 0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% E - 0%
91% 0 0% E 0%
egnahc
etamilC noitatpada
retaW
ralucriC ymonoce noitulloP
ytisrevidoiB
Reported KPI (CapEx)
Proportion
Economic Environmental objectives of Taxonomy of Taxonomy aligned
activities aligned activities Enabling activity Transitional activity in Taxonomy eligible
as defined in Article 3(1), point (h), of Regulation
(EU) 2019/631, lower than 50 g CO/km (low-and
zero-emission light-duty vehicles). Moreover, we
consider the direct non-capitalized costs related
to the CapEx plan to allow Taxonomy-eligible eco-
nomic activities to become Taxonomy-aligned
within a predefined timeframe as set out in the
second paragraph of the point 1.1.3.2 of Annex
1 of the Disclosure Delegated Act. At the same
time, both the compliance with all DNSH crite-
ria listed in the Delegated Regulation 2021/2139
for such activities and the fulfillment of the min-
imum safeguards as per Article 3 and 18 of the
EU Taxonomy Regulation was verified;
we considered as “not eligible”: the remaining di-
rect non-capitalized costs.
we considered as “not aligned”: the direct
non-capitalized costs related to the development
and production of our vehicles that have not met
one or more of the Technical Screening Criteria
specified in the Delegated Regulations or that do
not fulfil the minimum safeguards specified in
the Article 18 of the Taxonomy Regulation.
228
PROPORTION OF OPEX FROM PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ASSOCIATED WITH
TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE OR TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES
DISCLOSURE COVERING YEAR 2025 (ACTIVITY BREAKDOWN)22
Financial year 2025
Taxonomy eligible KPI Taxonomy aligned KPI Taxonomy aligned KPI
(Proportion of Taxonomy (monetary value (Proportion of Taxonomy
Code eligible Turnover) of Turnover) aligned Turnover)
3.3. Manufacture of low
carbon technologies for
transport
Sum of alignment per objective
Total KPI (OpEx)
egnahC
etamilC noitagitim
% €/000 % % % % % % % (E where applicable) (T where applicable) %
CCM 3.3 100% 0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% E - 0%
100% 0 0% E 0%
egnahc
etamilC noitatpada
retaW
ralucriC ymonoce noitulloP
ytisrevidoiB
Reported KPI (OpEx)
Proportion
Economic Environmental objectives of Taxonomy of Taxonomy aligned
activities aligned activities Enabling activity Transitional activity in Taxonomy eligible
In 2025, the taxonomy-eligible operating expendi- Markets Day, in line with the conditions specified
ture share remained stable from the previous year. in the second subparagraph of the point 1.1.2.2 of
As in FY2024, no direct non-capitalized costs Annex 1 of the Disclosure Delegated Act.
qualify as Taxonomy-aligned and therefore the
Taxonomy-aligned OpEx KPI is equal to zero.
Further analysis will be made over time accord-
ing to the progressive evolution of the Taxonomy
Regulation, and its concrete interpretation/appli-
cation for reporting purposes in accordance with
Ferrari’s strategic approach.
In order to truly understand the importance and
actions that Ferrari is putting in place to achieve
the climate mitigation objective, it should be noted
our pursuit of decarbonization targets by 2030,
addressing both direct and indirect emissions with
a focus on energy and materials, in addition to our
electrification journey. As a further step forward
in this process, since 2019 we are monitoring our
carbon footprint considering the emissions related
to all the Group activities over our entire value
chain. Our calculation, based on GHG protocol
and ISO 14064:2018 methodologies, allowed us to
determine priority areas for action. Regarding the
Ferrari Luce we have dedicated investments and
operating expenditures, included in our 2026-2030
Strategic Plan presented during our 2025 Capital
229
Financial year 2025
Taxonomy eligible KPI Taxonomy aligned KPI Taxonomy aligned KPI
(Proportion of Taxonomy (monetary value (Proportion of Taxonomy
Code eligible Turnover) of Turnover) aligned Turnover)
3.3. Manufacture of low
carbon technologies for
transport
Sum of alignment per objective
Total KPI (OpEx)
egnahC
etamilC noitagitim
% €/000 % % % % % % % (E where applicable) (T where applicable) %
CCM 3.3 100% 0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% E - 0%
100% 0 0% E 0%
egnahc
etamilC noitatpada
retaW
ralucriC ymonoce noitulloP
ytisrevidoiB
Reported KPI (OpEx)
Proportion
Economic Environmental objectives of Taxonomy of Taxonomy aligned
activities aligned activities Enabling activity Transitional activity in Taxonomy eligible
231
E1 – CLIMATE
CHANGE
TRANSITION PLAN FOR CLIMATE Our decarbonization strategy is not defined as “tran-
CHANGE MITIGATION sition plan” as stated by the ESRS E1-1, and as of today
there are no plans in place to adopt a transition plan.
Our decarbonization strategy, updated in 2025,
E1-1 follows the Science-Based Target initiative corporate
near-term criteria (version 5.3 of September 2025)
During our 2025 Capital Markets Day we outlined our aligned with the trajectories “1.5°C” for Scope 1 and
2026-2030 Strategic Plan and our decarbonization 2 and “well below 2°C” for Scope 3 in order to con-
strategy, detailing our decarbonization commitment tribute to the international, national and regional tar-
to 2030 on our entire value chain, addressing direct gets, such as the Paris Agreement. In this context, our
and indirect GHG emissions23. Our decarbonization most significant environmental efforts are deployed
strategy targets a reduction of at least 90 percent of through a program for the reduction of pollutant and
our Scope 1 and 2 (market-based method) absolute GHG emissions, both direct and indirect.
CO emissions with respect to 2021 and a reduc-
tion of at least 25 percent of our Scope 3 emissions
in absolute terms, with respect to 2024.
OUR DECARBONIZATION LEVERS TO REACH OUR TARGETS TO 2030
Category of action Target related climate Action Timeline Section reference
change
Energy efficiency Scope 1&2 emissions Phasing out of 2024 E1 Climate Change - Energy
& use of renewable - Renewable energy our trigeneration plant consumption and mix
sources energy and biomethane
certificates Installation of Since 2023
photovoltaic panels
Our products - Full electric Ferrari 2026 E1 Climate Change - Transition
plan for climate change
mitigation
Scope 3 emissions - Engine production 2026 E5 Resource Use and Circular
Recycled materials with 100% recycled alloy Economy
Use of recycled materials Ongoing
in our products
Constant dialogue with Scope 3 emissions - Supplier engagement in Since 2024 G1 Business Conduct -
partners Supplier and dealer carbon reduction activities Management of relationships
engagement and sustainable resource with suppliers
management
Launch of the Green Dealer Since 2023 E1 Climate Change - Gross
Award Scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG
Emissions
Carbon Avoidance - Purchase of Carbon Credits Since 2022 E1 Climate Change - GHG
removals and GHG mitigation
projects financed through
carbon credits
232
To reach our target by 2030, we have identified CLIMATE CHANGE IMPACTS, RISKS
decarbonization levers and key actions across all AND OPPORTUNITIES
scopes. In addition to the shutdown of the trigen-
eration plant, we aim to achieve the Scope 1 and 2
target through: the increase in the purchase of elec- ESRS 2 SBM-3, IRO-1
tricity from renewable sources, the installation of
new solar panels, and the purchase of biomethane Our risk management approach is an important
certificates24. Regarding the Scope 3 target, we aim business driver and it is integral to the achievement
to achieve primarily by using recycled aluminum in of the Group’s long-term business plan. As a relevant
our engines and chassis, as well as through the con- factor for long-term value creation, we consider it
tinued collaboration with our suppliers and dealers. pivotal to manage risks related to climate change.
Moreover, this year, we unveiled the technological The fight against climate change and the preserva-
heart of the Ferrari Luce. We continue to be com- tion of the environment is becoming crucial around
mitted to technology neutrality, and based on our the world and these concerns have resulted in rap-
client centricity approach, the current context and idly evolving climate and environmental regulations
its expected evolution, the 2030 sports cars model issued across international markets.
line-up will see ICE model offering at ~40%, hybrid at Following the structure described in the “Risk
~40% and electric at ~20%. Management Process and Internal Control Systems”
In 2025, the capital expenditure, including R&D section of this Report, at the first line of control,
and tooling, related to the development of our elec- the Risk Owner and FLT are responsible for identi-
tric vehicles amounted to € 259 million (please refer fying, assessing, and mitigating risks and for the
to the Consolidated Financial Statements). CapEx and establishment and maintenance of a risk manage-
OpEx related to economic activities identified by the ment system across our business functions. Since
Taxonomy Regulation are reported in EU Taxonomy. December 2023, this role has been assigned to the
We are aware that the transition to a climate-neu- Chief of Internal Audit, Risk and Compliance Officer.
tral economy could be slowed down by locked-in Operating areas represent the first line of defense,
GHG emissions. Regarding Scope 1 and 2, certain they identify climate-related risks and, in collabora-
processes, such as our foundry furnaces, cannot tion with the central function of risk management,
be powered by electricity yet. For Scope 3 down- those risks are assessed, monitored and managed
stream, the locked-in emissions depend on client at corporate level.
demand and its evolution over the coming years, Through the Climate Scenario Analysis25,
in particular on the share of BEVs (Battery Electric described below, and benchmark activities we were
Vehicle). Furthermore, it is important to point out that able to define our impacts, risks and opportunities.
the higher the share of BEVs, the harder it is to reach
the target set for Scope 3 mainly due to the impact of
batteries. The utilization of critical raw materials to
manufacture battery cells and the carbon-intensive
production of batteries have a substantial impact.
In fact, hybrid and electric vehicles have a higher
environmental impact in the upstream supply chain
compared to internal combustion engine vehicles.
On top of upstream emissions, we are developing
plans to reduce emissions in the ICE vehicles use
phase, such as the use of low carbon fuels and oth-
ers. Excluding locked-in emissions, the implementa-
tion of the decarbonization strategy also depends on
regulatory and technological aspects.
Ferrari is not involved in coal, oil and gas-related
activities.
Ferrari is included in the EU Climate Transition
Benchmarks and the EU Paris-aligned Benchmarks,
however, as of today the Company is not aligned to
the EU Taxonomy Regulation. For further informa-
tion, please refer to “—Taxonomy”.
Our decarbonization strategy is fully embed-
ded within our business plan, as outlined during our
2025 Capital Markets Day presentation, and it was
approved by the Audit Committee, an internal com-
mittee of the Board of Directors.
Progress in implementing our decarbonization
strategy is described below. For further information
please refer to “—Actions related to Climate Change”.
233
Material Impacts, Risks and Opportunities Nature Perimeter
Energy consumption (within the organization) and related Greenhouse gas emissions Actual Negative Impact
(Scope 1 / Scope 2) with negative impact on climate change and the community (e.g.
Maranello)
Energy consumption and related GHG emissions for downstream activities (e.g. Actual Negative Impact
outbound logistics, vehicles usage and use of sold products) (Scope 3) with negative
impact on climate change
Energy consumption and related GHG emissions for upstream activities (e.g. raw material Actual Negative Impact
purchased and inbound logistics) (Scope 3) with negative impact on climate change
Fast paced and uncertain laws and technical regulations proliferation: environmental Risk
regulatory tightening (e.g., CO reduction), enhanced by societal pressures and
uncertainty in timing/type of future approval constraints
Energy efficiency - Using renewable energy at a reduced cost plus investing in Opportunity
low carbon technologies that could result in lower carbon footprint, lower energy
consumption and lower energy costs
→ → Upstream → → Own Operations → → Downstream
CLIMATE SCENARIO ANALYSIS Specifically, we considered a pessimistic scenario
(RCP 8.5), and a use case scenario (RCP 4.5) to assess
In 2025, to strengthen our resilience strategy, the various situations we might face.
we updated our climate scenario analysis of our For the analysis of physical and transitional risks,
prospective climate change risks, both physical included in our Scenario Analysis, we considered
and transitional, for our production facilities in three-time horizons:
Maranello and Modena and for our supply chain.
• This analysis followed the most up-to-date method- short term – until 2026
ologies available internationally, covering the 2025 medium term – until 2030
to 2050 time-horizon. In 2025, the assumptions of long term – until 2050.
this analysis remained consistent with those used
in the 2022 climate scenario analysis. The choice All of these relate to the expected life of our as-
of the scenarios for physical and transitional risks sets, strategic planning horizons and capital allo-
is based on EU and international guidelines (i.e. EU cation plans.
Taxonomy and TCFD respectively), on climate liter- For the analysis, we considered the geospatial
ature, availability of impact studies and likelihood coordinates of our Maranello and Modena plants
of scenarios. We used the International Energy to understand their exposure to physical events.
Agency (IEA) and the Intergovernmental Panel on In particular, precipitation, wind and temperature
Climate Change (IPCC) scenarios. logs from the local weather grid were analyzed to
More specifically, for physical risks, the evaluate present trends and build reliable infer-
Representative Concentration Pathways (RCP) cor- ences on possible future trends. A detailed analysis
responds to defined emissions and global warming of local sources such as the Modena/Maranello Civil
levels. Each RCP scenario is modeled by the scien- Protection, ARPAE and newspapers allowed to build
tific community in terms of physical impacts. In par- an “event history” database and contributed to the
ticular, we have considered the RCP 8.5 (worst case overall risk mapping. Further scenario evaluation has
scenario) and RCP 4.5 (use case scenario) scenarios: been performed using both as is and to be flood risk
maps provided by a primary external data provider.
The RCP 8.5 scenario is the most extreme of Through the Scenario Analysis we also analyzed
the business-as-usual scenarios. It forecasts an the physical and transitional risks of our suppliers,
increase above 4°C by 2100. This scenario can taking into consideration their location.
translate into reality if the world adopts no mit- As of today the Climate Scenario Analysis does
igation policy. High economic and population not reflect any assumption made in the financial
growth rates (SSP5) favor this scenario. This statement.
scenario triggers most of the climate “points of With regard to transition scenarios analysis,
non-return” and hence, its consequences are according to different scenarios, transition speeds
difficult to model; might vary greatly in the next two decades. The
The RCP 4.5 scenario is the most probable given assessment of transition climate-related risks is
current pledges by countries. It forecasts an in- based on a qualitative and quantitative climate-re-
crease in temperature between 2 to 3°C by the lated scenario analysis. We take into account pro-
end of the century, well above the limits of Paris spective scenarios for technological development,
2015 and Kyoto Protocol. market conditions and normative evolutions. These
Each climate scenario is characterized by dif- scenarios are based on the IEA scenario (namely NZE,
ferent levels of greenhouse gas concentrations. APS), a world agency providing analysis and advisory
234
services to governments on energy issues, com- nario, countries fully implement their national
bined with many different literature studies, based targets to 2030 and 2050. It is a “business as usu-
on the definition of a climate ambition and technology al” without strong efforts in decarbonizing. It is
progress parameter. Also, IPCC SSP scenarios were consistent with a low range of the RCP4.5 sce-
used to create charging infrastructure projections. narios. It is compatible with the SSP2 IPCC sce-
The overall structure of the analysis relies on the nario which is a business-as-usual scenario.
physical and transition scenarios as follows: (1) NZE /
(2) APS scenarios for transition risks and (3) RCP 8.5 To identify transitional risks, we analyzed, for each
/ (4) RCP 4.5 scenarios for physical risks: country in which Ferrari has commercial presence,
the regulatory situation concerning the ICE pow-
The Net Zero Emissions (NZE) by 2050 Scenario ertrain. This enabled us to identify the countries in
is a normative scenario that shows a pathway which a restriction on the sale of ICE could be im-
for the global energy sector to achieve net zero posed and could cause the greatest impact. With
CO emissions by 2050, with advanced econo- regard to the market, we also took into account the
mies reaching net zero emissions in advance societal momentum around climate action, always
of others. It is consistent with limiting the global guided by our scientific and holistic approach to ad-
temperature rise to 1.5 °C with no or limited tem- dress emissions across sectors. The transition sce-
perature overshoot (with a 50 percent probabil- nario analysis also took into consideration the issue
ity). It is consistent with the RCP 2.6 scenario. It is of raw material shortage among its assumptions,
compatible with the SSP1 IPCC scenario, where while considering that it is partly caused by climate
the world follows a sustainable development change and increased demand (with a consequence
pathway, with inequalities reduced, strong con- on prices) for certain types of critical materials
vergence between developing and developed needed to support the electric transition.
countries, and strong climate action; The list of physical risks that have been analyzed
• In the APS (Announced Pledges Scenario) sce- in the Climate Scenario Analysis is presented below.
PHYSICAL APPLICABLE RISKS SCOPE
for Maranello and Modena facilities
Acute
Heat wave
Cold wave/Frost
Storm
Tornado
Flood (Flash and river flood)
Heavy precipitation (Rain and hail)
Drought
Chronic
Changing air
Heat stress
Temperature variability
Changing precipitation patterns and types (rain, hail, snow, ice)
Precipitation or hydrological variability
Water stress
PHYSICAL RISKS SCOPE
for supply chain
Acute
Hydrogeologic Risk
Increased Flooding Exposure
235
According to the Italian Institute for Environmental Climatic conditions also affect solar energy produc-
Protection and Research data26, Emilia-Romagna tion and favor the spread of mosquito-borne diseas-
is the Italian region most susceptible to flood risk. es, with hotter and wetter summers creating ideal
Weather grids around Maranello show a consis- habitats for exogenous species.
tent trend of increasing rainfall, a phenomenon Following the climate scenario analysis, we have
that is expected to elevate flood risks in the coming identified the most relevant physical risks (flash/
decades. Emilia-Romagna is morphologically suit- river flood, hail and storm) and we have strength-
able for the formation of tornados and windstorm ened our mitigation and resilience plan related to
events. Extreme weather events such as floods, physical risks regarding our production plants in
windstorms, fires and heat waves could cause in- Maranello and Modena. This plan included the imple-
terruptions in power grids. Increases in peak wind mentation of actions to mitigate extreme weather
speeds and the severity of hailstorms are also ob- events such as flooding and hail episodes, reducing
served. Heat waves and droughts are becoming our climate-related physical risks assessment under
more frequent and intense, with Europe and the materiality threshold.
Mediterranean region as global hotspots. Droughts The list of transitional risks that have been
threaten natural water reserves in northern Italy, analyzed in the Climate Scenario Analysis is pre-
while rising temperatures contribute to fires. sented below.
TRANSITION APPLICABLE RISKS
organization worldwide
Market
Increased cost of raw materials
Changing customer behavior
Uncertainty in market signals
Policy and Legal
Mandates on and regulation of existing products and services
Increased pricing of GHG emissions
Enhanced emissions-reporting obligations
Exposure to litigation
Reputational
Shifts in consumer preferences
Stigmatization of sector
Increased stakeholder concern or negative stakeholder feedback
Technology
Substitution of existing products and services with lower emissions options
Unsuccessful investment in new technologies
Costs to transition to lower emissions technology
The transition risks identified through the scenario To mitigate our material risk, we have established
analysis and reported above can potentially impact a structured process to monitor new regulations
Ferrari’s sales and production, therefore, not only through a specific R&D function, that regularly
its operations but also its value chain. Specifically, tracks regulatory developments and evaluates their
regulation and technology changes could lead to an potential impacts on Company activities. To ensure
increase in costs in the medium/long term and to timely analysis, the Company has appointed a focal
scarcity of critical materials. point in each country most relevant to the Ferrari
Following the scenario analysis conducted, we business who participates in various manufactur-
identified one material transition risk: “Fast paced and er associations, which also provide information on
uncertain laws and technical regulations proliferation: regulatory changes trends. No significant opera-
environmental regulatory tightening (e.g., CO reduc- tional or capital expenditures have been allocated to
tion), enhanced by societal pressures and uncertainty this action in 2025.
in timing/type of future approval constraints”.
237
POLICIES RELATED ulatory tightening (e.g., CO reduction), enhanced
TO CLIMATE CHANGE by societal pressures and uncertainty in timing/
type of future approval constraints”; “Energy effi-
ciency - Using renewable energy at a reduced
ESRS 2 MDR-P, E1-2 cost plus investing in low carbon technologies that
could result in lower carbon footprint, lower energy
Ferrari’s ambition to minimize its impact on the consumption and lower energy costs”. In order to
global environment is outlined in the Environmental ensure full and effective functioning of this Practice,
Practice, which is inspired by the guiding princi- the Technologies & Infrastructure department and
ples set forth in the Code of Conduct and defines the Finance department will monitor its implementa-
Ferrari’s main ambition to fostering a corporate tion and suggest any updates to its contents, consid-
culture dedicated to environmental protection. The ering factors such as emerging best practices and
Practice applies to the entire Ferrari Group. changes in the Group's activities or in the applicable
Ferrari considers environmental protection to legal and legislative framework.
be a decisive aspect to be promoted in its overall The monitoring and management of the envi-
approach to business and it aims to continuously ronmental performance of our production plants
improve the environmental performance of its oper- is assigned to a team that reports to our Chief
ations and comply with the provisions contained in Industrial Officer. Their effort is aimed at minimiz-
applicable laws and regulations. For this reason, ing the impact of our activities on the environment,
Ferrari aims to: reduce greenhouse gas emissions particularly in relation to the energy consumption of
along the product life cycles, minimize water use, our production facilities. Please refer to the “ESRS
promote the reuse of waste materials in the pro- 2—General disclosures—Governance—Our Decision-
duction process, monitor emissions into the atmo- Making Process” section for information on account-
sphere, the pollutants in the sewage system, and ability and the most senior levels responsible for
contribute to the protection of biodiversity in areas Climate Change issues.
impacted by its production process. In drafting the Environmental Practice, stake-
holder interests were considered broadly, particu-
ENVIRONMENTAL PRACTICE larly those of its addressees, which include the entire
Ferrari Group and its third parties. Ferrari considers
The Environmental Practice sets out key principles: the engagement of its suppliers and its sales part-
compliance with applicable regulatory and legal re- ners, as well as the local authorities and communi-
quirements, periodic and systematic establishment ties, to be crucial to uphold its environmental princi-
of improvement objectives and their monitoring and ples and commitments.
measurement through KPIs, the development of Ferrari ensures the internal and external dissem-
products that meet customers’ needs while ensur- ination of the Practice. Please refer to the Ferrari
ing respect for the environment, and the adoption corporate website at the following link https://www.
of the best available technologies for the efficien- ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/practices.
cy of production processes and the reduction of
emissions and environmental impacts. The practice
promotes, among others, the improvement of en- ACTION RELATED
ergy efficiency and the use of renewable energy27 TO CLIMATE CHANGE
aimed at mitigating climate change. In particular, it
enshrines the Company’s commitment to monitor
and reduce greenhouse gas emissions produced ESRS 2 MDR-A, E1-3
throughout the entire product life cycle, as well
as reducing energy consumption. In line with the In our decarbonization strategy, we focus on our di-
Environmental Practice commitments, we have de- rect emissions as well as on our indirect upstream
veloped the decarbonization strategy. and downstream Scope 3 GHG emissions. We believe
The practice covers the following impacts, risks that concentrating solely on the vehicle use phase is
and opportunities: “Energy consumption (within the not enough, so in line with our holistic approach, we
organization) and related Greenhouse gas emis- need to continue to focus on purchased goods.
sions (Scope 1 / Scope 2) with negative impact on Our culture embraces a rational use of energy,
climate change and the community (e.g. Maranello)”; which is mainly utilized for the manufacturing of
“Energy consumption and related GHG emissions for cars and engines.
downstream activities (e.g. outbound logistics, vehi- Over the years, the Group has strived to lower
cles usage and use of sold products) (Scope 3) with its energy consumption and to minimize its environ-
negative impact on climate change”; “Energy con- mental impact, adopting innovative solutions and
sumption and related GHG emissions for upstream shifting to renewable energy sources.
activities (e.g. raw material purchased and inbound In 2008, we installed our first solar panels and
logistics) (Scope 3) with negative impact on climate gradually increased capacity since then. Over the
change”; “Fast paced and uncertain laws and tech- years, this initiative has contributed to Ferrari’s sus-
nical regulations proliferation: Environmental reg- tainability goals by increasing the capacity of renew-
238
able energy generation in Ferrari S.p.A. and Mugello tation of the actions outlined in the plan. No signifi-
Circuit S.p.A., as the self-produced renewable energy cant operational or capital expenditures have been
allows us to reduce Scope 2 location-based emissions. allocated to this action in 2025.
Progress in previous years has seen a consistent rise From a financial perspective, we utilize our own
in installed capacity, and in 2025 we increased by 26 resources while staying continuously informed
percent the renewable energy self-produced com- about externally available funding opportunities.
pared to 2024. Looking ahead, plans are in place to
further expand the initiative with the aim of reaching
approximately 10 Megawatt peak (MWp) capacity by TARGETS RELATED
2030, doubling the current capacity of 5 MWp. No TO CLIMATE CHANGE
significant operational or capital expenditures have
been allocated to this action in 2025.
Moreover, in September 2024, Ferrari switched ESRS 2 GOV-3, MDR-T, E1-4
off the trigeneration plant at its Maranello factory
to replace a significant portion of methane gas Our environmental targets, as included in the 2026–
consumption with renewable energy sources. The 2030 Strategic Plan, comply with the Science-Based
shutdown enabled a 58 percent annual reduction Targets initiative’s corporate near-term criteria
in Scope 1 and 2 CO emissions, and a 63 percent (version 5.3 of September 2025) and are aligned with
reduction in methane gas consumption compared the trajectories “1.5°C” for Scope 1 and 2 and “well
to 2021. Ferrari started to stipulate Power Purchase below 2°C” for Scope 3. The GHG emission reduction
Agreements (PPAs) to further accelerate the transi- targets and the related action plan were approved
tion to renewable energy. No significant operational by the Audit Committee, which is an internal commit-
or capital expenditures have been allocated to this tee of the Board of Directors28.
action in 2025. Our emissions targets are as follows:
To sustain our decarbonization goal by 2030,
involving our dealers is a key part of our strategy. decrease by at least 90 percent our Scope 1 and
In 2025, we organized the third edition of the Green 2 (market-based method) absolute CO emis-
Dealer Award, aimed at engaging Ferrari Group’s sions - CO, CH , N O and HFCs - by 2030 versus
2 4 2
dealers in their sustainability efforts with a particu- 2021. This target is beyond the reduction of 42
lar focus on decarbonization. Our network has been percent required by the Science-Based Target
evaluated via three KPIs: responsiveness in sub- initiative corporate near-term criteria, for the
mitting data, energy consumption and expertise in “1.5°C” pathway. Starting from 2021, we have
advanced expertise in sustainability principles and been carbon neutral in our own operations29
practices. Starting from 2025, the data collected through high-quality projects with climate and
from dealers has been used to develop action plans social contributions;
with the aim of supporting our dealers to reduce reduction of at least 25 percent of our Scope 3
their energy consumption and emissions. In addition, emissions30 - CO, CH , N O - in absolute terms by
2 4 2
starting from 2026, we will guide dealers through a 2030 versus 2024.
series of solutions to effectively drive the implemen-
2030 SCOPE 1 & 2 TARGET VS 2021 BASE YEAR31
2030 SCOPE 1 & 2 TARGET VS 2021 BASE YEAR31
+
ktCO 93
2e
(-)
(-)
9
(-)
2021 Operations Plant Electrification Renewable Biomethane 2030 Absolute
Trigenerator electricity Certificate target
shut down
239
2030 SCOPE 3 TARGET VS 2024 BASE YEAR32
2030 SCOPE 3 TARGET VS 2024 BASE YEAR32
ktCO +
2e
873
(-)
(-) (-)
655
(-)
2024 Sports Cars Recycled Supplier Dealer Further 2030
(Base year) Volume & Mix Aluminum engagement engagement actions Absolute target
In Scope
Following the Science-Based Target initiative For the achievement of GHG emission reduction
(SBTi) corporate near-term criteria (version 5.3 of targets by 2030, the Green Sustainability Steering
September 2025), we chose 2021 as the base year Committee, composed of representatives from
for our Scope 1 and 2 consolidated emissions tar- different functions, has been appointed as the re-
get. Therefore, the Scope 1 and 2 emissions target sponsible body. Specifically, within the Research
remained unchanged. In addition to the shutdown of & Development department, a team is responsi-
the trigeneration plant, we will achieve the Scope 1 ble for future product development aiming at re-
and 2 target through: the increase in the purchase ducing CO emissions of Ferrari sports cars.
of renewable electricity, the installation of new solar Meanwhile, another team is in charge of oversee-
panels, and the purchase of biomethane certificates. ing regulatory developments while monitoring the
For Scope 3 emissions, we have decided to emissions of Ferrari cars. In addition, the Research
update our targets, as the previous ones were not & Development, the Product Development and the
aligned with the latest SBTi sector-specific decar- Purchasing & Quality departments are working with
bonization pathway (automaker), which requires a our suppliers to find solutions to meet our Scope 3
specific target for the use phase and a commitment emissions reduction target. These departments re-
to phase out ICE vehicles. These new guidelines are port to the Chief Research & Development Officer,
not consistent with our strategic plan, which also the Chief Product Development Officer and the
includes the offering of ICE engines. Furthermore, Chief Purchasing & Quality Officer, respectively.
the distribution of our emissions across the GHG cat- Our Equity Incentive Plans are based on, for a
egories differs from that of other mass-market car- certain percentage, the reduction of CO carbon
makers, as use-phase emissions account for a much emission. For more details, please refer to “ESRS
smaller share of our total emissions, while upstream 2—General disclosures—Governance—Integration
emissions have a greater impact. For these reasons, of sustainability-related performance in incentive
our new targets follow the SBTi corporate near-term schemes”.
criteria (version 5.3 of September 2025), but they are
not eligible for validation by the SBTi since there is
a specific pathway for automakers. Moreover, we ENERGY CONSUMPTION AND MIX
choose 2024 as the base year for the target as the
data quality and the methodology were more refined
than the previous years. E1-5
In 2025, our Scope 3 target was hence updated
from an intensive to an absolute target as shown In 2025, the total energy consumption within the
in the detailed table above. However, the catego- Maranello and Modena plants, the Mugello racing
ries Capital Goods, Business Travel and Employee circuit and our stores, museums, subsidiaries’ of-
Commuting are excluded from the Scope 3 perim- fices and other facilities was 348,791 MWh, with
eter for the target since they represented less than a decrease of 15% compared to 2024 (412,061
10 percent of the total 2024 Scope 3 emissions. MWh) mainly due to the shutdown of the trigener-
Regarding the Scope 3 target, we aim to achieve ation plant. In 2025, 48% of the energy consumed
this primarily using recycled aluminum in our is sourced from renewable sources, thanks to the
engines and chassis, as well as through the contin- increased in self-produced renewable energy and
ued collaboration with our suppliers and dealers. the purchase of electricity through Power Purchase
Moreover, this year, we unveiled the technological Agreements (PPAs) and from the grid covered by
heart of the Ferrari Luce. guarantees of origin.
240
ENERGY CONSUMPTION WITHIN THE ORGANIZATION33
Unit of measurement: MWh 2025 2025 2025 2024 2025 vs 2024
Operational Financial (%)
control only control
Total Natural Gas34 436 155,097 155,533 276,507 (44%)
Total Oil Products35 — 22,939 22,939 23,985 (4%)
Total Coal — — — — -
Total Other fossil fuels — — — — -
Total Electricity from fossil sources — 929 929 882 5%
Total Energy from Fossil sources 436 178,965 179,401 301,374 (40%)
Share Energy Fossil Fuels (%) 36% 52% 52% 73% (30%)
Total Nuclear — 290 290 238 22%
Share Nuclear (%) —% 0.1% 0.1% 0.1% —
Total Energy from Biomass — 120 120 — —
Total purchased electricity from 765 163,298 164,063 106,552 54%
renewable sources36
Total Self-produced renewable energy — 4,917 4,917 3,897 26%
Total Renewable energy 765 168,335 169,100 110,449 53%
Share Renewable energy (%) 64% 48% 48% 27% 81%
Total Consumption 1,201 347,590 348,791 412,061 (15%)
Unit of measurement: MWh/(€ thousand) 2025 2024 2025 vs 2024 (%)
Energy Intensity37 0.049 0.062 (21%)
Unit of measurement: MWh 2025 2024 2025 vs 2024 (%)
Self-produced non-renewable energy 8,094 64,781 (88%)
Self-produced renewable energy 4,917 3,897 26%
For more details on net revenues, please refer to “Consolidate Financial
Statements—Net revenues” of the Financial Statement.
241
GROSS SCOPES 1, 2, 3 AND TOTAL GHG EMISSIONS
E1-6
2025 FERRARI GROUP CARBON FOOTPRINT38
Unit of measurement: tCO 2025 2025 2025 2024 2021 Target 2025 vs
Operational Financial (Base year) 203040 2021 (base
control control year) (%)
only39
Total Scope 141 100 38,518 38,618 65,338 90,832 N/A N/A
Share of Scope 1 covered by —% 75% 75% 81% 87% N/A N/A
ETS
Total Scope 2 154 33,255 33,409 28,091 12,749 N/A N/A
(location-based method)42
Total Scope 2 — 613 613 598 1,884 N/A N/A
(market-based method)43
Total Scope 1 & 2 100 39,131 39,231 65,936 92,716 9,300 (58%)
(market-based)
Unit of measurement: tCO 2025 2025 2025 2024 2024 Target 2025 vs
Operational Financial (Base year)45 203046 2024 (base
control control year) (%)
only44
Cat 3.1 - Upstream transport — 17,805 17,805 20,592 20,592 N/A (14)%
and logistics
Cat 3.2 - Downstream transport — 15,232 15,232 11,357 11,357 N/A 34%
and logistics
Cat 3.3 - Employee Commuting — 6,897 6,897 3,618 N/A N/A N/A
Cat 3.4 - Business Travel — 10,272 10,272 8,194 N/A N/A N/A
Cat 4.1 - Purchased Goods — 325,081 325,081 375,905 375,905 N/A (13)%
Cat 4.2 - Capital Goods — 72,780 72,780 81,885 N/A N/A N/A
Cat 4.5 - Use of Services — 82,892 82,892 100,505 100,505 N/A (18)%
Cat 5.1 - Use stage of products — 370,666 370,666 338,256 338,256 N/A 10%
Cat 6.1 - Franchises — 25,557 25,557 26,870 26,870 N/A (5)%
Total Scope 3 — 927,182 927,182 967,182 873,485 N/A (4)%
Unit of measurement: tCO 2025 2025 2025 2024 Base year Target 2030 2025 vs Base
Operational Financial year (%)
control only control
Total Emissions 254 998,955 999,209 1,060,611 N/A N/A N/A
(location-based)
Total Emissions 100 966,313 966,413 1,033,118 N/A N/A N/A
(market-based)
The gross 2025 GHG emissions47 deriving from the In 2025, our Scope 1 GHG emissions decreased by
Maranello and Modena plants, from the Mugello rac- 41 percent compared to 2024 and by 58 percent
ing circuit and from our stores, museums, subsidiar- compared to 2021, mainly due to the shutdown of
ies’ offices and other facilities (Scope 1 and Scope 2 the trigeneration plant in Maranello.
market-based), are equal to 39,231 tCO , compared Our Scope 2 (location-based method) GHG emis-
to 65,936 in 2024 and to 92,716 tCO in 2021. 2025 sions increased due to the gradual shift from natural
Scope 3 emissions are equal to 927,182 tCO com- gas to electricity in our production plants.
pared to 967,182 tCO in 2024.
242
Our Scope 2 (market-based method) GHG emissions renewable electricity. Since 2024, we have included
remained almost stable compared to 2024 and de- the museums and the Italian stores in the list of lo-
creased by 67 percent compared to 2021. Currently, cations covered by Guarantee of Origin certificates.
the share of renewable electricity, which is not As shown in the tables below, the majority of
self-produced, is purchased either through Power the Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions occurs in Italy,
Purchase Agreements (PPAs), or from the grid and primarily at our production plants in Maranello and
covered by certificates of guarantee of origin (from Modena. In 2025, Scope 1 emissions produced in
renewable sources). In 2025, the PPAs covered Italy decreased by approximately 41 percent com-
more than 40 percent of our total consumption of pared to 2024.
Unit of measurement: tCO Scope 1 2025 2024
Italy 37,652 64,332
Rest of the world 966 1,006
Total Scope 1 emissions 38,618 65,338
Unit of measurement: tCO Scope 2 Location based 2025 2024
Italy 32,915 27,567
Rest of the world 494 524
Total Scope 2 location-based emissions 33,409 28,091
Unit of measurement: tCO Scope 2 Market based 2025 2024
Italy 98 68
Rest of the world 515 530
Total Scope 2 Market-based emissions 613 598
Our Scope 3 emissions related to 2025 are lower tion in the number of days of working from home.
than those related to 2024, mainly due to a decrease The change in category “3.4 Emissions from busi-
in the emissions from purchased goods, capital ness travel” is related to the increase of the races
goods and use of services. and tests of the Scuderia Ferrari and LMH teams.
Analyzing the most significant variations with The change in categories “4.2 Emissions from capital
respect to the base year 2024, we can report that the goods” and “6.1 Emissions from franchises” is mainly
product mix of the deliveries (less PHEV, more ICE) due to a reduction in the emission factors.
has impacted negatively the category “5.1 Emissions In 2025, 16 percent of Scope 3 data has been cal-
from use stage of the product”. For the category “4.1 culated using primary data directly obtained from
Emissions from purchased goods”, the increase in our value chain partners.
available primary data and the reduced carbon foot- As shown in the table below, we managed to
print of some components allowed a reduction of the decouple our economic growth from our environ-
related emissions. The change in the category “3.3 mental impact. In other words, we continue growing
Emission from employee commuting” is due to the our business activities while at the same time reduc-
higher number of employees as well as the reduc- ing our total GHG emissions.
2025 2024 2025 vs 2024 (%)
Net revenues [€ million] 7,146 6,677 7%
GHG intensity (All Scopes location-based) [tCO ] 139.8 158.9 (12%)
2eq / € million
GHG intensity (All Scopes market-based) [tCO ] 135.2 154.7 (13%)
2eq / € million
For more details on net revenues, please refer to “Consolidated Financial
Statements—Net revenues” of the Financial Statement.
243
The table below indicates our biogenic emissions for each scope:
Unit of measurement: tCO 2025 2024
Scope 1 Biogenic emissions 3 4
Scope 2 Biogenic emissions — —
Scope 3 Biogenic emissions 273 219
Total Biogenic emissions 276 223
We calculate our carbon footprint considering the capital goods purchased or acquired;
GHG emissions related to all Group activities over (g) Category 4.5, Use of services (part of category
our entire value chain, based on the GHG Protocol 1 of the GHG Protocol): Production of services
and the ISO 14064-1:2018 methodologies and it is purchased or acquired;
verified by a third-party under the limited assurance (h) Category 5.1, Use stage of products (category 11
engagement of this Statement. Scope 1 & 2 emis- of the GHG Protocol): End use of goods and ser-
sions (except fugitive and industrial processes) are vices sold;
calculated using the Energy-based method, with (i) Category 6.1, Franchises (category 14 of the
primary data serving as the basis for consumption GHG Protocol): The Scope 1 and Scope 2 mar-
data. Fugitive and industrial process emissions are ket-based emissions of franchisees, Ferrari re-
calculated using the Activity-based method, also re- ports its dealers and workshops in this category.
lying on primary data.
In order to define which Scope 3 categories are Based on the methodology applied in 2025, the ta-
significant for the Company, we carried out a signif- ble below shows the details for each GHG emissions
icant analysis according to the indications of the ISO category. The methodology allows for judgment
14064-1:2018. Hereafter the Scope 3 categories are calls resulting in a range of possible outcomes and is
reported: subject to annual reviews to improve the calculation
of the Company’s GHG emissions, resulting in some
(a) Category 3.1, Upstream transportation and cases in incomparability between one year and an-
distribution (similar to category 4 of the GHG other. Through the software SimaPro, it is possible
Protocol): to perform a Monte Carlo analysis, which is a nu-
i. Transportation and distribution of products merical way to process uncertain data and estab-
purchased between its tier 1 suppliers and lish an uncertainty range in the calculated results.
its own operations (in vehicles and facilities The Coefficient of Variability (CV - %, disclosed in the
not owned or controlled by Ferrari); table below) allows us to quantitatively evaluate the
ii. Transportation and distribution services uncertainty. The acceptability ranges set for the CV
purchased, including inbound logistics, and resulting from the analysis are as follows:
transportation and distribution between its
own facilities (in vehicles and facilities not CV ≤ 5% | very good
owned or controlled by Ferrari); CV > 5% and ≤ 15% | good
(b) Category 3.2, Downstream transportation and CV > 15% and ≤ 25% | acceptable
distribution (similar to category 9 of the GHG CV > 25% | not acceptable
Protocol):
i. Transportation and distribution of products In the next few years, we aim to use more primary
sold between its operations and the end data in the categories 4.2 and 4.5 in order to reduce
consumer, including retail and storage the higher level of uncertainty, mainly due to the
(in vehicles and facilities not owned or Spend-based method used for the calculations of
controlled by Ferrari); these categories.
(c) Category 3.3, Employee commuting (category 7
of the GHG Protocol): Transportation of employ-
ees between their homes and their worksites.
(d) Category 3.4, Business travel (category 6 of the
GHG Protocol): Transportation of employees for
business-related activities (in vehicles not owned
or operated by Ferrari);
(e) Category 4.1, Purchased goods (part of category
1 and category 3 of the GHG Protocol): Extraction
and production of goods and fuels purchased or
acquired;
(f) Category 4.2, Capital goods (category 2 of the
GHG Protocol): Extraction and production of
Scope 3 Category48 Included Methodology Uncertainty
Source Method49 Emission factors Assumptions CV [%]
Category 3.1 Upstream transportation and Yes Delivery inbound documents, Supplier Supplier specific method, Supplier specific, Q4 2025 estimated based on the Q3 YTD and Q4 2024 actual 3.3
distribution specific data Distance based method Ecoinvent50 data. Calculation is based on the distance between Tier 1
supplier and Ferrari.
Category 3.2 Downstream transportation and Yes Delivery outbound documents, Supplier specific method, Supplier specific, Q4 2025 estimated based on the Q3 YTD and Q4 2024 actual 4.9
distribution Supplier specific data Distance based method Ecoinvent data. Calculation is based on distance between Ferrari and the
dealer.
Category 3.3 Employee commuting Yes Internal database, Distance based method DESNZ Foreign employees are estimated based on the average value 10.6
Internal survey of Italian employees.
November and December 2025 estimated based on the Jan-
Oct actual data. Calculation is based on the distance between
the home address and the working site.
Category 3.4 Business travel Yes Supplier data extraction, Supplier specific method, Ecoinvent, Foreign employees' travels are included in category 4.5 (Use of 4.9
Scuderia Ferrari logistic plans, LMH logistic Distance based method, Supplier specific, services). November and December 2025 estimated based on
plans Average data method DESNZ51 the Jan-Oct actual data. For Sports Cars, calculation is based
mainly on the actual distance travelled combined with the
mode of transport; for Racing, calculation is based on logistic
plans
Category 4.1 Purchased goods Yes Warehouse inbound documents, Supplier specific method, Ecoinvent, Supplier Raw materials processing and manufacturing is included only 9.7
Supplier specific data, Hybrid method, specific, EEIO52 for more relevant components.
Invoices (fuel and energy) Average data method, Includes Fuel and Energy activities as per ISO 14064:2018
Activity data method, Spend November and December 2025 estimated based on the Jan-
based method Oct actual data. Calculation is mainly based on the composition
of products associated with the correct emission factor.
Category 4.2 Capital Goods Yes Verified data included Spend based method EEIO Calculation is based on the capex asset category associated 24.5
in Financial Reports with the related spending emission factor.
Category 4.3 Disposal of solid and liquid waste No: not material (< 5% of category 4) — — — — —
Category 4.4 Use of assets No: not material (<5% of category 4) — — — — —
Category 4.5 Use of services Yes Supplier specific data, Supplier specific method, Supplier specific, November and December 2025 estimated based on the 18.7
Verified data included in Financial Reports Spend based method EEIO average data of 3 previous years. Calculation is based on
(Services) the chart of accounts associated with the related spending
emission factor.
Category 5.1 Use stage of products Yes Official homologation process Average data method IEA, Direct and indirect use phase emissions (Well to Wheel 5.2
Ecoinvent, approach). Calculation is based on the total life cycle distance
Homologation53 of each model multiplied by homologated European data
(Tank-to-wheel) and the upstream emission factor (Well-to-
tank).
Category 5.2 Downstream leased assets No: not relevant for Ferrari and — — — — —
not material (<5% of category 5)
Category 5.3 End-of-Life stage of products No: Ferrari cars are collectible — — — — —
and not disposed of. Not material
(<5% of category 5)
Category 5.4 Investments No: not material (< 5% of category 5) — — — — —
Category 6.1 Franchises Yes Internal data collection Activity data method Ecoinvent, Full year estimated based on Q4 2024 data. Calculation is 5.4
IEA54 based on the actual energy consumption data of the dealers
and workshops.
245
Scope 3 Category48 Included Methodology Uncertainty
Source Method49 Emission factors Assumptions CV [%]
Category 3.1 Upstream transportation and Yes Delivery inbound documents, Supplier Supplier specific method, Supplier specific, Q4 2025 estimated based on the Q3 YTD and Q4 2024 actual 3.3
distribution specific data Distance based method Ecoinvent50 data. Calculation is based on the distance between Tier 1
supplier and Ferrari.
Category 3.2 Downstream transportation and Yes Delivery outbound documents, Supplier specific method, Supplier specific, Q4 2025 estimated based on the Q3 YTD and Q4 2024 actual 4.9
distribution Supplier specific data Distance based method Ecoinvent data. Calculation is based on distance between Ferrari and the
dealer.
Category 3.3 Employee commuting Yes Internal database, Distance based method DESNZ Foreign employees are estimated based on the average value 10.6
Internal survey of Italian employees.
November and December 2025 estimated based on the Jan-
Oct actual data. Calculation is based on the distance between
the home address and the working site.
Category 3.4 Business travel Yes Supplier data extraction, Supplier specific method, Ecoinvent, Foreign employees' travels are included in category 4.5 (Use of 4.9
Scuderia Ferrari logistic plans, LMH logistic Distance based method, Supplier specific, services). November and December 2025 estimated based on
plans Average data method DESNZ51 the Jan-Oct actual data. For Sports Cars, calculation is based
mainly on the actual distance travelled combined with the
mode of transport; for Racing, calculation is based on logistic
plans
Category 4.1 Purchased goods Yes Warehouse inbound documents, Supplier specific method, Ecoinvent, Supplier Raw materials processing and manufacturing is included only 9.7
Supplier specific data, Hybrid method, specific, EEIO52 for more relevant components.
Invoices (fuel and energy) Average data method, Includes Fuel and Energy activities as per ISO 14064:2018
Activity data method, Spend November and December 2025 estimated based on the Jan-
based method Oct actual data. Calculation is mainly based on the composition
of products associated with the correct emission factor.
Category 4.2 Capital Goods Yes Verified data included Spend based method EEIO Calculation is based on the capex asset category associated 24.5
in Financial Reports with the related spending emission factor.
Category 4.3 Disposal of solid and liquid waste No: not material (< 5% of category 4) — — — — —
Category 4.4 Use of assets No: not material (<5% of category 4) — — — — —
Category 4.5 Use of services Yes Supplier specific data, Supplier specific method, Supplier specific, November and December 2025 estimated based on the 18.7
Verified data included in Financial Reports Spend based method EEIO average data of 3 previous years. Calculation is based on
(Services) the chart of accounts associated with the related spending
emission factor.
Category 5.1 Use stage of products Yes Official homologation process Average data method IEA, Direct and indirect use phase emissions (Well to Wheel 5.2
Ecoinvent, approach). Calculation is based on the total life cycle distance
Homologation53 of each model multiplied by homologated European data
(Tank-to-wheel) and the upstream emission factor (Well-to-
tank).
Category 5.2 Downstream leased assets No: not relevant for Ferrari and — — — — —
not material (<5% of category 5)
Category 5.3 End-of-Life stage of products No: Ferrari cars are collectible — — — — —
and not disposed of. Not material
(<5% of category 5)
Category 5.4 Investments No: not material (< 5% of category 5) — — — — —
Category 6.1 Franchises Yes Internal data collection Activity data method Ecoinvent, Full year estimated based on Q4 2024 data. Calculation is 5.4
IEA54 based on the actual energy consumption data of the dealers
and workshops.
246
EUROPEAN UNION EMISSION TRADING and resulting potential financial risk for the Company
SYSTEM (EU-ETS) via our Enterprise Risk Management. Additionally,
the shutdown of the trigeneration plant, the main
Ferrari’s production plant in Maranello is subject to contributor to Scope 1 emissions, has reduced our
the European Union Emissions Trading System (EU- EU-ETS-related costs. In 2025, 75 percent of Scope 1
ETS). To be compliant with the EU-ETS, ad hoc proce- emissions were covered by EU-ETS.
dures have been put in place in order to monitor and
measure the emissions covered by the ETS.
A specific monitoring plan has been established GHG REMOVALS AND GHG
according to the requirements of the regulation. MITIGATION PROJECTS FINANCED
Every year the emissions covered by the ETS are THROUGH CARBON CREDITS
verified by an independent third party and the corre-
sponding amount of allowances are included in the
Union Registry, which guarantees accurate account- E1-7
ing for all allowances issued under the EU-ETS.
Control of deadlines and compliance with the rules Along with the implementation of GHG emission re-
of the mechanism are entrusted to the Competent duction initiatives, we recognize the critical impor-
National Authorities (ANC). tance of addressing residual emissions by support-
The monitoring and management of the activities ing certified carbon avoidance projects through the
related to ETS is assigned to a team led by the Head of purchase of carbon avoidance credits. By combin-
Environment, Health & Safety. This team monitors, on ing emission reduction measures with climate con-
a monthly basis, the status of our relevant GHG emis- tributions to certified carbon avoidance projects,
sions in relation to the compliance status and factor we have achieved Carbon Neutrality for Scope 1 and
the costs of exceeding the allocated allowances into 2 GHG emissions in all our operations for 2021, 2022,
our financial planning process. To do so, we have 2023 and 2024.
installed several meters in our plants, and we receive As our planned reduction initiatives continue to
monthly invoices from the natural gas provider that decrease in emissions by at least 90 percent of our
confirms the values of the meters. We are explor- Scope 1 and 2 absolute tCO emissions by 2030
ing further solutions to reduce our overall gas con- versus 2021, we will progressively adjust our climate
sumption in the coming years. We also assess the contribution activities accordingly.
further development of the cap-and-trade schemes
CARBON CREDITS CANCELLED IN THE REPORTING YEAR
Total (tCO ) 65,936 77,691
2EQ
Share from reduction projects (%) 1 project – Sustainability Community 1 project – Sustainability Community
Project (100% Canada) Project (100% Canada)
Share from removal projects (%) 0 0
Verified Carbon Standard (VCS) - Verra 100% 100%
Share from projects within the EU (%) — —
Share of carbon credits that qualify as corresponding — —
adjustments (%)
Since 2022, we have partnered with ClimateSeed sources of individual activities such as improved
to support a unique carbon avoidance project, the energy efficiency for buildings, redirection of waste
Sustainability Community Project in Canada (cur- away from landfills, and promotion of fuel-switching
rently we do not have projects in the EU). This project activities. The project developer has been innovat-
is certified by the Verified Carbon Standard (VCS) ing how it manages and monitors the micro-proj-
– Verra, one of the most recognized GHG crediting ects through digital solutions to scale the onboard-
programs. Pioneering and innovative, this is the first ing of new projects and digitally manage the carbon
project to develop a new world-class methodology emissions inventory.
so that micro-projects can benefit from the carbon During 2025, we cancelled 65,936 tCO of car-
credit mechanism. The Sustainability Community bon credits.
Project pools more than 2,000 local carbon-reduc-
tion micro-projects by SMEs, municipalities, and
NGOs together to provide high additional social
impacts. The GHG reductions come from diverse
247
Beyond Verra’s project certification, ClimateSeed INTERNAL CARBON PRICING
has developed a comprehensive Project Evaluation
Framework that assesses all critical dimensions of a
project, including additionally, permanence, leakage, E1-8
social safeguards and rights, benefit-sharing struc-
tures, biodiversity impacts, and co-benefits aligned Based on the average price of EU-ETS credits in
with the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). 2025, we defined an internal carbon price, i.e., a
ClimateSeed’s Project Evaluation Framework pro- shadow price, to conduct cost-benefit analyses and
vides a thorough, multidimensional analysis, high- reduce upstream value chain emissions on specific
lighting each project’s strengths and potential risks. projects. The scopes covered by our internal carbon
This approach enables informed decision-making pricing scheme are:
and ensures the highest standards of environmen-
tal and social integrity. In addition, ClimateSeed Category 3.1 - Upstream transportation and
conducts rigorous due diligence on project carri- distribution;
ers, identifying the ultimate beneficial owners be- Category 3.2 - Downstream transportation
hind each project to mitigate risks related to money and distribution;
laundering and terrorist financing. Furthermore, Category 4.1 - Purchased goods;
ClimateSeed upholds fair and transparent pricing Category 4.5 - Use of services.
principles, ensuring no resale or secondary market
transactions, direct carbon credit retirement on be- These projects will be implemented in the next few
half of Ferrari, full traceability and accountability in years, in 2025 there were no GHG emissions cov-
every transaction. ered by these schemes. The implementation of cli-
To reach carbon neutrality in Scope 1 and 2, our mate-related policies and targets is not incentivized
ambition is to cancel carbon credits for the amount by the presence of an internal carbon price.
of unavoidable emissions and for which we will not
find reduction actions. To date we have a framework
agreement in place, and each year we define the pre-
cise amounts of carbon credits to cancel.
As of today, Ferrari has not developed GHG
removals and storage projects.
249
E2 – POLLUTION
Ferrari considers environmental protection a decisive aspect to be
promoted in its overall approach to business.
SUBSTANCES OF CONCERNS AND SUBSTANCES OF VERY HIGH CONCERN
MATERIAL IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES
ESRS 2 IRO-1
During the year, we conducted a screening on our site locations and
business activities to assess and evaluate pollutants and substances of
concern and very high concern, and material impact is listed below.
Material Impacts, Risks and Opportunities Nature Perimeter
Group’s contribution to pollution due to substances of concern Potential Negative Impact
and substances of very high concern
→ → Upstream → → Own Operations → → Downstream
During our materiality analysis, we also considered OTHER INTERNAL PROCEDURES
the impacts on our entire value chain, although we
have not carried out consultations with affected We are aware of potential impacts generated by the
communities on this topic. For additional informa- unlawful usage of substances of concern and sub-
tion on the methodology adopted, please refer to stances of very high concern. For this reason, we
“ESRS 2—General disclosures—Impacts, risks and have defined two specific procedures on the man-
opportunities management”. agement of these substances: the “Approval of auxil-
iary and direct materials, storage management” and
the “CMR mixture/substances derogation”, which
POLICIES RELATED TO SUBSTANCES cover the following impact: “Group’s contribution
OF CONCERN AND SUBSTANCES OF to pollution due to substances of concern and sub-
VERY HIGH CONCERN stances of very high concern”.
These procedures comply with European reg-
ulations (CE/1907/2006 REACH55 regulation and
ESRS 2 MDR-P, E2-1 CE/1272/2008 CLP56) as well as applicable Italian
laws. Additionally, they have been defined in accor-
dance with our management system certified under
ENVIRONMENTAL PRACTICE ISO 14001:2015 and ISO 45001:2018 standards.
Our procedures are not specific for each single
The Environmental Practice sets out key principles substance but take into account all substances of
to manage IROs such as compliance with applica- concern and substances of very high concern as
ble regulatory and legal requirements, a periodic defined by REACH and internal risk assessments.
and systematic establishment of improvement ob- These procedures are available on the Ferrari
jectives and their monitoring and measurement intranet and all employees, who regularly handle
through KPIs, the development of products that these substances, receive comprehensive training
meet customers’ needs while ensuring respect for on their proper and safe use. The most senior level
the environment, and the adoption of the best avail- accountable for their implementation is the Chief
able technologies for the efficiency of production Industrial Officer.
processes and the reduction of environmental im- The main objective of the “Approval of auxiliary
pacts. These principles include pollution prevention. and direct materials, storage management” pro-
For additional information about the cedure is to define how materials, such as auxil-
Environmental Practice, please refer to “E1—Climate iary and direct chemicals (articles, substances and
change—Policies related to Climate Change— preparation/mixtures), are acquired and used by
Environmental Practice”. employees. This ensures that all health and safety
and environmental risks associated with these
250
materials are evaluated and prevented before their in dedicated summary files by the Environment and
entrance within the perimeter of our production Energy and Health & Safety Departments, for mat-
sites. The procedure applies to our production sites, ters within their respective competence.
referring to Ferrari S.p.A., and to all employees and In case no substitute material is available, sub-
non-employees. In addition, for the external supplier stances of concern or very high concern are
we require and review safety data sheets for all accepted under specific preventive measures. In
substances used in our plant to ensure compliance this context, workers are protected from exposure
with our safety standards. This procedure aims at and contact with hazardous substances through
preventing impacts and risks, as well as managing the implementation of closed cycles (processes
opportunities, such as our potential contribution or systems designed to minimize their exposure).
to pollution due to substances of concern and sub- These ensure that the use or transfer of hazardous
stances of very high concern. Moreover, the proce- materials occurs in sealed or controlled environ-
dure aims to avoid incidents and emergency situa- ments, reducing the risk of leaks, contamination or
tions, and, if they do occur, to control and limit their accidental exposure. Closed cycles aim at increas-
impact on people and the environment. According ing safety for operators, reducing risk of incidents
to this procedure, each area must exclusively use and reducing environmental impacts. These actions
chemicals, for its respective area, that have passed pertain to Ferrari production facilities (Ferrari
the approval process, which considers health, safety S.p.A.) and have been already implemented in all
and environmental aspects. In particular, products processes where possible, and will remain in effect
classified under current regulations as carcino- long-term, with regular quality checks as needed. In
genic, mutagenic, and toxic for reproduction are 2025, we further improved the extraction systems
not supposed to be used, as both Legislative Decree at the workstations in the racing area's adjustment
n.102/2020 and Legislative Decree n.81/2008 et seq. department. This upgrade has minimized the dura-
require a progressive phase-out of substances clas- tion and intensity of worker exposure, bringing it to
sified under those hazard categories. We are dedi- the lowest technically feasible level. No significant
cated to reducing the use of hazardous substances operational or capital expenditures have been allo-
and, when no substitutes are available, we imple- cated to these actions in 2025.
ment all procedures and measures to minimize their If the implementation of closed cycles is not
impact as much as possible. possible, alternative collective protection systems,
Where substitution is not possible, a deroga- such as fume hoods, are provided. These systems
tion process must be initiated in accordance with are designed to safeguard the health and safety of
the provisions of the procedure “CMR mixture/ groups of people, rather than just individuals, during
substances derogation”57. According to this pro- work activities or in the presence of specific risks.
cedure, we require users to seek non-hazardous These are tools that reduce exposure to hazards
substitute material and specific prevention and through solutions integrated into the workplace,
protection measures are put into place. In addition, independent of individual behavior. These actions
within “Approval of auxiliary and direct materials, are specific to Ferrari’s production facilities and
storage management”, specific rules are set for have already been implemented across all feasible
storage and handling of hazardous substances processes. They are designed to remain in place
as well as the periodic monitoring and control of over the long term, with periodic quality checks con-
usage area and methods to prevent incidents and ducted as necessary. We continue to monitor and
emergency situations. report the use of hazardous substances and the
effectiveness of the safety measures implemented.
No significant operational or capital expenditures
ACTIONS RELATED TO SUBSTANCES have been allocated to this action in 2025.
OF CONCERN AND SUBSTANCES OF For other measures, for instance personal pro-
VERY HIGH CONCERN tective equipment, please refer to “S1—Own work-
force—Actions related to own workforce—Health
and Safety”.
ESRS 2 MDR-A, E2-2 Referring to our Lifestyle activities, no sub-
stance of concern or very high concern is pro-
We have implemented best practices to avoid or duced, used, distributed, commercialized, imported
minimize the risk of harm in managing substances of and exported in line with applicable laws and reg-
concern and substances of very high concern, and ulations. To ensure the quality and safety of our
according to the procedures described above, we Lifestyle products, we perform specific tests
have put in place specific processes to monitor and including a qualitative resistance test and a detailed
track their right application also through periodic au- chemical test to assess the composition of the prod-
dits carried out by the Environment and Energy and ucts. These tests are carried out on every style of
the Health & Safety teams. The results of the audits our personal luxury goods category.
are recorded on a specific form and sent to all those
in charge. The closure of anomalies and the verifica-
tion of effectiveness are recorded and monitored
251
TARGETS RELATED TO SUBSTANCES 2000/53/EC, which sets requirements for the re-
OF CONCERN AND SUBSTANCES OF striction of heavy metals. Ferrari suppliers shall
VERY HIGH CONCERN also comply with European Regulation 1907/2006
(“REACH”) and Regulation 2019/1021 (“POPs”), en-
suring that no prohibited substances are present
ESRS 2 MDR-T, E2-3 in any component installed in Ferrari vehicles. To
guarantee traceability and regulatory compliance,
We adopt best practices and monitor their proper all information regarding the material composition
implementation to prevent or minimize risk of harm of supplier components is managed through the
associated with the management of all substances International Material Data System (IMDS). This sys-
involved in our production processes, even though tem automatically rejects non-compliant compo-
no specific pollution-related target has been set. nents unless specific exemptions are granted for a
limited period. Despite the existence of certain ex-
emptions, Ferrari’s objective is to maximize com-
METRICS RELATED TO SUBSTANCES pliance with these regulations by imposing even
OF CONCERN AND SUBSTANCES OF stricter requirements on hazardous substances—
VERY HIGH CONCERN targeting a concentration of 0 percent wherever
possible.
We purchase hazardous substances in the
E2-5 form of articles, substances and preparation/mix-
tures which are mainly acquired through indirect
We monitor updates to the candidate chemicals list purchasing. The main production processes that
of very high concern and are aware of the presence include the use of substances of concern and very
of these substances in some of our components. As high concern are, among others, vehicle testing, lab-
soon as a rulemaking process begins to regulate oratory materials, machining, finishing and painting,
these substances in any market where we operate, engine testing, powertrain and engine assembly.
we take all necessary measures to prepare their Gasoline, used mainly in engine and vehicle testing,
substitution or to mitigate their potential impact, is, by far, the major source of substances of concern
all Ferrari homologated vehicles shall comply with (Carcinogenicity categories 1 and 2).
EU Regulation 2005/64/EC and European Directive
2025 202458
[ton] Substances of Substances of very Substances of Substances of very
concern (SoC) high concern (SVHC) concern (SoC) high concern (SVHC)
Total amount of substances of concern 1,779.29 214.88 2,155.39 176.08
that are used during production or that
are procured
• Carcinogenicity categories 1 and 2 1,355.27 1.02 1,329.65 1.15
• Other hazard classes 424.02 213.86 825.74 174.93
Total amount of substances leaving 173.50 214.88 185.32 175.98
facilities as product, or part of product
Regarding the use of SoC and SVHC in our pro-
duction process, in 2025 we made changes in the
preparation of sustainability information to improve
the final accuracy of the figures. In particular, the
revised methodology considered the articles ac-
quired during the year. In absence of monitored
data for certain SoC and SVHC present in our final
products, we adopted a precautionary approach as-
suming that the entire quantity of substances used
during production is present also in the final prod-
uct. Regarding the SVHC which are procured and
present in our sold cars, we calculated the amount
using IMDS data and taking into consideration the
car configuration of the European and UK market
and the number of shipments in 2025.
252
E5 – RESOURCE
USE AND CIRCULAR
ECONOMY
Ferrari consistently strives for the highest quality with careful waste management, helps reduce the
in all materials used, ensuring durability over time; environmental impact of our manufacturing pro-
as a result, our products are not only built to last but cess. For this reason, we are implementing innova-
are also cherished as collectibles that can be passed tive solutions and advanced technical processes,
down through generations rather than simply serv- such as the reuse of aluminum scraps, to minimize
ing as modes of transportation. We also acknowl- waste and reduce environmental impacts.
edge that a rational use of raw materials, together
RESOURCE USE AND CIRCULAR ECONOMY
MATERIAL IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES
ESRS 2 IRO-1
Impacts, risks and opportunities in relation to resources use and circular
economy matters have been identified during the double materiality
assessment considering our products and production process, and
material impacts, risks and opportunities are listed below.
Material Impacts, Risks and Opportunities Nature Perimeter
Production of hazardous / non-hazardous waste Actual Negative Impact
along Ferrari’s industrial activities
Production of hazardous / non-hazardous waste by the value chain Actual Negative Impact
Promotion of circularity within the value chain to reduce the use of natural Actual Positive Impact
→ → resources and waste produced by suppliers
Reduction of waste thanks to the increase of durability, reparability Potential Positive Impact
and recyclability of spare parts (e.g. racing and sports cars)
or products (e.g. lifestyle)
Circular economy manufacturing initiatives implemented: Opportunity
a. use of recycled materials;
b. recovery of production waste for recycling;
c. projects aimed at ensuring an extension of product life.
→ → Upstream → → Own Operations → → Downstream
We have not carried out dedicated consultations with affected
communities on this topic, but we have an ongoing dialogue with our
suppliers to find recycled material solutions to reduce our emissions. For
additional information on methodology adopted, please refer to “ESRS
2—General disclosures—Impacts, risks and opportunities management”.
253
POLICIES RELATED TO RESOURCE The monitoring and management of the environ-
USE AND CIRCULAR ECONOMY mental performance of our productive plants, in-
cluding waste, is assigned to a team that reports to
our Chief Industrial Officer. Their effort is aimed at
ESRS 2 MDR-P, E5-1 minimizing the impact of our activities on the envi-
ronment. Please refer to the “ESRS 2—General disclo-
sures—Our Decision-Making Process” section for the
ENVIRONMENTAL PRACTICE information about the accountability and the highest
positions with responsibility for waste issues.
Ferrari considers environmental protection to be
a decisive aspect to be promoted in its overall ap-
proach to business. The Environmental Practice ACTIONS RELATED TO RESOURCE
promotes the reuse of waste materials in the pro- USE AND CIRCULAR ECONOMY
duction process according to a circular economy
approach. Moreover, it aims to reduce the quanti-
ty of waste and optimize the amount of materials ESRS 2 MDR-A, E5-2
sent to recovery plants. The practice sets out key
principles to manage impacts, risks and opportu- In these past years, a series of initiatives have been
nities (for details please refer to “ESRS 2—General implemented across different phases of the manu-
disclosures—Impacts, risks and opportunities man- facturing process to reduce waste production.
agement” of this Report) such as: compliance with We are working on the adoption of recycled alu-
applicable regulatory and legal requirements, peri- minum alloy for our engines and car chassis in the
odic and systematic establishment of improvement coming year, in line with Ferrari’s ambition to reduce
objectives and their monitoring and measurement CO emissions and to promote circularity.
through KPIs, the development of products that Starting from 2026, we plan to introduce 100
meet customers’ needs while ensuring respect for percent recycled aluminum alloy for our engines
the environment, safety and quality, and the adoption (considering only the parts produced internally in our
of the best available technologies for the efficiency Maranello plant that weigh more than 80 percent of
of production processes and the reduction of envi- aluminum parts mounted in the engine). This action
ronmental impacts. The practice covers the follow- could reduce aluminum-related CO emissions by
ing impacts and opportunity: “Production of hazard- around 80 percent. This recycled alloy is character-
ous / non-hazardous waste along Ferrari's industrial ized by high performance without compromising
activities”; “Production of hazardous / non-hazard- quality, differing minimally from primary alloys. In
ous waste by the value chain”; “Promotion of cir- 2025, we completed the testing and validation phase
cularity within the value chain to reduce the use of in all engine portfolio in order to begin production at
natural resources and waste produced by suppli- the start of 2026. Our roadmap aims to maintain the
ers”; “Reduction of waste thanks to the increase of use of recycled alloys in our engines. To align with
durability, reparability and recyclability of spare market availability, we have developed a flexible pro-
parts (e.g. racing and sports cars) or products (e.g. cess that allows us to use both primary and recycled
lifestyle)”; “Circular economy manufacturing initia- alloys in engine components. No significant opera-
tives implemented: (1) use of recycled materials; (2) tional or capital expenditure has been allocated to
recovery of production waste for recycling (3) proj- this action in 2025.
ects aimed at ensuring an extension of product life”. On the other hand, we are pursuing carbon
In this regard, Ferrari S.p.A. and Mugello Circuit reduction initiatives through the progressive adop-
S.p.A. have environmental management systems tion of recycled aluminum alloys in chassis compo-
certified ISO 14001:2015. This voluntary international nents produced both in casting and sheet metal, as
standard defines the requirements for an environ- well as in other components. Starting from 2026,
mental management system applicable to activities we plan to introduce cast components containing
carried out within the organization. It provides a struc- 100 percent recycled aluminum alloys. The initiative
tured framework to plan, implement, monitor, and will be extended to all new models, with the aim of
continually improve environmental performance, achieving almost total replacement (close to 100
addressing key aspects such as waste generation, percent) of frames with secondary recycled alu-
water and wastewater discharge and air emissions. minum alloys by 2030, enabling a reduction in CO
Currently, the Environmental Practice does not emissions related to chassis cast components of
address the use of renewable resources. However, approximately 90 percent by 2030. No significant
we are continuously striving for sustainable and operational or capital expenditures have been allo-
innovative material sourcing to integrate into our cated to this action in 2025.
production processes.
For additional information about the
Environmental Practice, please refer to “E1—Climate
change—Policies related to Climate Change—
Environmental Practice”.
254
TARGETS RELATED TO RESOURCE RESOURCE INFLOWS
USE AND CIRCULAR ECONOMY
E5-4
ESRS 2 MDR-T, E5-3
Car makers consume large amounts of raw mate-
We have implemented best practices to maintain rials, and conscientious planning of the manufac-
stable and possibly reduce our waste production, turing process is essential to the management of
even though no specific waste-related targets have scarce resources. Among the most used materials
been set. Additionally, we have been proactively pro- in our cars we have light alloys, such as aluminum,
moting initiatives on alternative circular materials polymers, and to a lesser extent other metals (cop-
to evaluate the introduction of less environmentally per, titanium, platinum group, silicon, zinc, magne-
impactful solutions. To track the progress and effec- sium) elastomers, fluids, lithium, light rare earth el-
tiveness of our policies and actions in relation to the ements.
material sustainability-related impact and opportu-
nity, we aim to maintain the ISO 14001:2015 certifi-
cation, which includes, also for waste, annual audit
and continuous improvement targets and KPIs (e.g.
percentage of waste directed to recovery).
TOTAL RESOURCE INFLOWS59
Overall total weight of products and technical and biological materials used (tons) 34,084 32,272
Percentage of biological materials (and biofuels used for non-energy purposes), 1% 1%
including packaging, that is sustainably sourced
Weight of secondary reused or recycled components, secondary intermediary 1,623 1,577
products and secondary materials used to manufacture the products (including
packaging) (tons)
Percentage of secondary reused or recycled components, secondary intermediary 5% 5%
products and secondary materials used to manufacture the products (including
packaging).
For the denominator, the methodology applied to on the road as possible and extend their lifecycle.
calculate the data in the table above is based on the Our cars are generally not considered means of
incoming weight of materials and components in transportation but collectible items, potentially last-
our warehouses. This data is the same as the one ing forever. Our cars are expected to have a durability
used for the calculation of the Scope 3 GHG emis- of at least 80 years, based on Ferrari’s manufactur-
sions, category 4.1. The numerator is calculated ing history to date, which began when the Company
based on supplier information provided through the was founded in 1947. This far exceeds the industry's
International Material Data System. To estimate the average lifespan, which statistically ranges from 18
quantity of packaging, we used the outflow quantity years in Western European countries to 28 years in
and assumed it was equal to the inflow quantity. Eastern ones60. This outstanding durability is also
supported by Ferrari’s recommended maintenance
programs, designed to preserve performance and
RESOURCE OUTFLOWS safety standards throughout the entire lifecycle
of the vehicle. Please refer to “S4—Consumers and
end users—Actions related to Consumers and End-
E5-5 users—Vehicle quality and safety” for more informa-
tion on maintenance services.
We supply parts for both current and older
DURABILITY, REPARABILITY AND Ferrari models to our authorized dealer network.
RECYCLABLE CONTENT The substitution of spare parts throughout a car’s
lifespan is driven not only by clients’ demand for
We have embraced circular economy principles by parts to personalize their cars and maximize perfor-
designing products with durability, reparability, and mance, but also to ensure and guarantee the repara-
recyclability in mind. Ferrari cars exemplify this ap- bility of our products.
proach, as their durability allows them to be passed
on from one generation to the next. Ferrari Classiche
services strive to keep as many of these classic cars
255
Please refer to the “Overview of Our Business—Client Relations—Ferrari
Classiche” section for further information.
Expected durability of products At least 80 at least 80
Industry average durability From 18 years in Western From 18 years in Western
European countries to 28 years European countries to 28 years in
in Eastern ones Eastern ones
Our personal luxury goods’ design and production rely on high-quality
materials. The durability of these products is influenced by their intended
use and the frequency of washing.
Total Total weight Percentage Total Total weight Percentage
recyclable of materials recyclable of materials
content [t] used [t] content [t] used [t]61
Recyclable content in products 27,863 32,780 85% 25,891 30,460 85%
Recyclable content in products packaging 1,057 1,304 81% 1,342 1,812 74%
The minimum recyclability of vehicles sold is 85%62. WASTE
This value refers to the minimum percentage by
mass guaranteed on our European fleet and deter- The Group adopts a systemic approach to waste
mined in accordance with EU Directive 2005/64/EC. management, aiming to stabilize unit consumption
The total weight of materials refers to the inflow over time. Although total waste per vehicle may in-
of materials used in our vehicles. The quantity of crease due to production scale and innovation ar-
packaging disclosed above is the total packaging: eas, we have launched ongoing projects that focus
we assume that the packaging inflow is equal to the on minimizing waste generation as much as possible.
packaging outflow and that for our business, prod-
uct packaging is not relevant.
TOTAL WASTE BY WEIGHT DIVERTED FROM DISPOSAL BY RECOVERY OPERATION TYPES
Recovery operation types [t] 2025 2024
Weight Percentage Weight Percentage
Hazardous Waste
Preparation for reuse 1 0.01% — —%
Recycling 936 15.2% 724 11.3%
Other recovery operations — —% — —%
Total Hazardous Waste 937 15.2% 724 11.3%
Non-Hazardous Waste
Preparation for reuse 4 0.1% 13 0.2%
Recycling 5,202 84.7% 5,681 88.5%
Other recovery operations 1 0.02% — —%
Total Non-Hazardous Waste 5,207 84.8% 5,694 88.7%
Total Waste Diverted From Disposal 6,144 6,418
256
TOTAL WASTE BY WEIGHT DIRECTED TO DISPOSAL BY WASTE TREATMENT TYPE
Waste treatment types [t] 2025 2024
Weight Percentage Weight Percentage
Hazardous Waste
Incineration with energy recovery — —% — —%
Incineration without energy recovery — —% — —%
Landfilling 0.5 0.01% 0.1 0.002%
Other disposal operations 432 12.7% 597 18.1%
Total Hazardous Waste 432 12.7% 597 18.1%
Non-Hazardous Waste
Incineration with energy recovery — —% — —%
Incineration without energy recovery 114 3.3% — —%
Landfilling 28 0.8% 147 4.5%
Other disposal operations (D9 and D15)63 2,844 83.2% 2,545 77.4%
Total Non-Hazardous Waste 2,986 87.3% 2,692 81.9%
Total Waste Directed to Disposal 3,418 3,289
Weight (t) Percentage Weight (t) Percentage
Total waste generated 9,562 9,707
Non-recycled waste 3,423 36% 3,302 34%
Hazardous Waste 1,369 14% 1,320 14%
Radioactive Waste — —% — —%
Total waste for 2025 was equal to 9,562 tons, remain- This data, obtained from direct measurement, is pro-
ing stable compared to 2024. cessed to classify waste into the appropriate catego-
A significant portion of our waste derives ries defined by Legislative Decree 152/2006 and is
from non-hazardous materials including ferrous recorded in our internal reporting system for effec-
scraps, paper, wood, plastic packaging, and aque- tive tracking and analysis. As a general principle, we
ous solutions. This waste primarily originates from prioritize recovery operations; however, in specific
foundry, paint and mechanical operations. The cases where this is not feasible, waste is directed to
main typologies of hazardous waste include waste disposal.
oil and solvents. For Ferrari’s offices worldwide, when primary
Waste monitoring is conducted through the anal- data are unavailable, waste production is estimated
ysis of all supporting documentation. Each month, using statistical data64 based on the annual number
our external waste intermediary provides a report of working employees. These proxies are selected
generated from their management system, detailing due to their correlation with waste generation.
the previous month’s waste weights and movements.
258
S1 – OWN
WORKFORCE
The unparalleled excellence and distinctive crafts- OWN WORKFORCE MATERIAL
manship of our products form the foundation of IMPACTS, RISKS AND
Ferrari’s success, made possible by the talent, exper- OPPORTUNITIES
tise, and dedication of everyone who works at Ferrari.
ESRS 2 SBM-3
INTERESTS AND VIEWS OF
STAKEHOLDERS Ferrari’s workforce mainly consists of blue and
white-collar workers. Our workers operate in var-
ious areas, including the foundry, warehouses, as-
ESRS 2 SBM-2 sembly lines, test rooms for engines and car compo-
nents and the racetrack. Our workforce is divided
For information regarding interests, views and between employees and non-employees, with the
rights of Ferrari’s own workforce refer to “ESRS latter including agency workers and staff lease
2—General disclosures—Strategy, business model workers. Considering the entire own workforce,
and value chain—Interests and views of stakehold- except for health and safety matters, there are no
ers” and the table in “ESRS 2—General disclosures— people with particular characteristics that may be at
Impacts, risks and opportunities management”. greater risk of harm.
During the double materiality assessment, the entire own workforce of
the Ferrari Group has been included in the scope, as well as the entire
disclosure under ESRS 2. According to the results of the double materiality
assessment, our own workforce impacts, risks and opportunities are
listed below.
Material Impacts, Risks and Opportunities Nature Perimeter
Positive impacts on employees’ motivation and sense of belonging thanks to secure employment and Actual Positive
working time, competitive remuneration, benefits, training opportunities and career development Impact
Inadequate development programs could lead to high turnover and generates loss of strategic Potential Negative
expertise and know-how with a potential damage on stakeholders (e.g. clients) Impact
Increasing Ferrari’s employee’s satisfaction and engagement by promoting awareness and culture Actual Positive
about diversity and inclusion Impact
Work-life balance, attention to mental health with positive impacts on employees’ physical and mental Actual Positive
well-being Impact
Work-related injuries (employees, workers whose work or workplace is controlled by Ferrari) expose Potential Negative
employees to physical, psychological or safety consequences Impact
Willful and/or unintentional security breaches involving confidential business information or Potential Negative
employee personal data with potential damage to them resulting from the unlawful use of such Impact
information
Usage of external resources that can have critical competence and know-how, and deal with Risk
strategic projects
Increased responsiveness to market challenges by re-skilling and up-skilling employees Opportunity
Employee satisfaction & retention - The matter includes adequate wages, training and development Opportunity
of employees: attracting, retaining and developing the best talent through policies and practices
related to employees as an opportunity for the company
Diversity of governing body/executive team - The capabilities and perspectives of board/executive Opportunity
team members are important for making robust decisions on an ongoing basis
→ → Upstream → → Own Operations → → Downstream
259
The positive impacts are generally linked to Ferrari’s ciety and local communities, consumers and end-us-
ongoing efforts to improve employees’ wellbeing ers, as well as in any context in which we operate.
and satisfaction through specific actions, including The Human Rights Practice covers the following
training, development, and diversity, equity, and in- impacts, risk and opportunities: “Positive impacts on
clusion (DEI) programs. Please refer to following “— employees’ motivation and sense of belonging thanks
Actions related to Own Workforce” paragraph for to secure employment and working time, competitive
more details. All material negative impacts on social remuneration, benefits, training opportunities and
topics are related to individual incidents. career development”, “Inadequate development pro-
These impacts may influence Ferrari's perfor- grams could lead to high turnover and generates loss
mance and positioning: material risks and oppor- of strategic expertise and know-how with a potential
tunities arising from impacts and dependencies on damage on stakeholders (e.g. clients)”, “Increasing
its own entire workforce are listed in the table in Ferrari’s employee’s satisfaction and engagement
“ESRS 2—General disclosure —Impacts, risks and by promoting awareness and culture about diver-
opportunities management —Double materiality sity and inclusion”, “Work-life balance, attention to
assessment methodology”. mental health with positive impacts on employees’
As no operations are at significant risk of incident physical and mental well-being”, “Work-related inju-
involving forced labor, compulsory labor, or child ries (employees, workers whose work or workplace
labor, the human rights impact related to Ferrari is controlled by Ferrari) expose employees to phys-
facilities was deemed not relevant. ical, psychological or safety consequences”, “Willful
The material IROs reveal our strategic sustain- and/or unintentional security breaches involving
ability priorities and contribute to adapting our strat- confidential business information or employee per-
egy: the columns “Sustainability strategy pillars” in sonal data with potential damage to them resulting
the table “ESRS 2—General disclosure —Impacts, from the unlawful use of such information”, “Usage
risks and opportunities management—Double mate- of external resources that can have critical com-
riality assessment methodology” identifies how the petence and know-how, and deal with strategic
impacts are connected to the Ferrari strategy and projects”, “Increased responsiveness to market
business model. challenges by re-skilling and up-skilling employees”
We aim to advance a just transition, able to secure and “Employee satisfaction & retention - The matter
workers’ rights and livelihoods when economies are includes adequate wages, training and development
shifting to low-carbon production. Internal data and of employees: attracting, retaining and developing
the results of the survey conducted in 2023 did not the best talent through policies and practices related
show any impact on Ferrari own workforce raised to employees as an opportunity for the company”.
from transition plans for reducing negative impacts In particular, the Human Rights Practice sets out
on the environment and achieving greener and cli- key principles, such as: the prohibition of child labor,
mate neutral operations. Nevertheless, the Green compulsory labor and forced labor, human traffick-
Sustainability Steering Committee has been tasked ing and serfdom, the attention to a healthy and safe
with managing the action plan to achieve our decar- working environment, the rejection of any form of
bonization targets. abuse, harassment and discrimination and the zero
tolerance in respect of corruption in Ferrari work-
places and along the supply chain as well as in soci-
POLICIES RELATED TO OWN ety and local communities.
WORKFORCE Our Human Rights Practice covers all individuals
working for or on behalf of Ferrari, such as suppli-
ers and business partners across its value chain,
ESRS 2 MDR-P, S1-1 atypical workers (e.g., temporary supply contract
and staff-leasing workers), as well as Ferrari’s other
stakeholders.
HUMAN RIGHTS PRACTICE The Human Rights Practice officially entered into
force in 2021 and it applies to the entire Ferrari Group,
Ferrari’s aim to respect, protect and promote hu- pursuant to local legislation. The Human Rights
man rights is further formalized in its Human Rights Practice was approved by the Ferrari Leadership
Practice, which is inspired by the guiding principles Team (FLT), the most senior level accountable for its
set forth in the Code of Conduct and reflects the implementation, who plays a key role in overseeing
Company’s main ambitions to a corporate culture its adequacy.
based on ethics and integrity. In particular, in line The Human Rights Practice is in line with sig-
with our impacts, risks and opportunities (please nificant third parties initiatives, including: the
refer to chapter “ESRS 2—General disclosures— International Bill on Human Rights, the United Nations
Impacts, risks and opportunities management” for Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights
further details) the Human Rights Practice fosters and the UN Global Compact Ten Principles, the
the respect and promotion of human rights towards International Labour Organization’s (ILO) Declaration
workers in our workplace, operations and activities, on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work
across our supply chain, in the interactions with so- and Conventions, the Organization for Economic
260
Co-operation and Development (OECD) Guidelines The Human Rights Practice has been adequately cir-
for Multinational Companies, the OECD Due Diligence culated, publicized and disseminated by Ferrari both
Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals internally and externally, also through its inclusion in
from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas, and the the relevant contractual agreements and arrange-
Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union. ments. The Practice is available on Ferrari’s corpo-
In addition, to ensure full efficacy, the Compliance rate website at the following link https://www.ferra-
function periodically reviews the Human Rights ri.com/en-EN/corporate/practices.
Practice and monitors its implementation to ensure In the event of human rights violations, the Ferrari
it remains effective. This includes considering fac- Group encourages all addressees to report them
tors such as emerging best practices, changes in through dedicated Whistleblowing channels and
the Ferrari Group’s (i.e., Ferrari N.V., Ferrari S.p.A. takes all reasonable actions to remedy human rights
and their branches, subsidiaries and controlled impacts. For additional information, please refer to
joint-venture) business activities or the applicable “G1—Business Conduct—Business conduct policies
legal and regulatory framework, and any possible and corporate culture—Whistleblowing”.
violations or criticality that has been identified. These The table below provides an overview of the
monitoring activities are carried out in compliance relevant information on human rights policies and
with the international standards and third-party ini- practices regarding four of our stakeholder groups,
tiatives referenced above. particularly related to human rights issues.
REFERENCE TABLE ON HUMAN RIGHTS
Stakeholders particularly Ferrari material topics Key applicable policies Section reference of main KPIs
related to human rights issues
Employees and trade unions • Talent attraction, retention and • Human Rights Practice • S1 - Own Workforce - Actions
development • Ethics Helpline related to Own Workforce
• Health, safety and well-being • Code of Conduct • S1 - Own Workforce - Targets
• Diversity and inclusion • Stakeholder Engagement related to Own Workforce -
• Human rights Practice Diversity and Inclusion
• Diversity and Inclusion • S1 - Own Workforce - Human
Practice Rights Practice
Suppliers • Human rights • Human Rights Practice • S2 - Workers in the Value Chain
• Stakeholder Engagement - Actions related to Workers in
Practice the Value Chain
• Ethics Helpline • G1 - Business Conduct - Action
• Third Parties’ Compliance related to Management of
Practice relationships with suppliers
• Anticorruption Compliance
Practice
Community and university • Responsibility towards • Human Rights Practice • S3 - Affected Communities
the community and future • Stakeholder Engagement - Actions related to Affected
generations Practice Communities
• Human rights • S1 - Own Workforce - Actions
related to Own Workforce
Clients • Quality and safety • Human Rights Practice • S4 - Consumers and End-
• Human rights • Stakeholder Engagement users - Actions related to
Practice Consumers and End user
• Ethics Helpline • G1 - Business Conduct -
Whistleblowing
• S1 - Own Workforce - Human
Rights Practice
We uphold the values outlined in our practice, which Moreover, we have established several internal
promote professionalism, motivation and job satis- procedures, including training, talent scouting and
faction among all employees by providing opportu- recruiting, performance and talent management,
nities for training, mobility, and internal promotion, compensation, welfare, and work life balance.
while also enhancing the employability of each indi- Along with the need to hire, develop and retain tal-
vidual. We view professional and personal develop- ents, we recognize that managing human capital
ment as a shared responsibility. In this regard, we as a critical resource is essential to achieving the
listen to employee expectations and take action to best possible results.
improve areas where the degree of satisfaction is
below our standards of excellence.
261
DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION POLICIES Internal documents in force at the time of the ap-
proval of this Practice:
As outlined in the Code of Conduct, Ferrari “want(s)
an environment in which values are fostered and eth- Code of Conduct;
ical conduct encouraged, in order to create a setting Human Rights Practice;
in which teamwork is prioritised, the dignity of each Diversity Policy of the Board of Directors;
individual is respected, and there is no room for dis- Remuneration Policy of the Board of Directors;
crimination”. In order to reaffirm and renew our aim Human Capital Management Procedure;
of spreading a corporate culture based on inclusion Annual Report.
and mutual respect, we have adopted the Diversity
and Inclusion Practice and the Policy for gender Principles/guidelines issued by relevant internation-
equality and diversity & inclusion. These policies cov- al organizations:
er the following impact and opportunity: “Increasing
on Ferrari’s employees satisfaction and engagement Guidelines on Diversity & Inclusion in the work-
by promoting awareness and culture about diversity place (UN Global Compact);
and inclusion”, and “Diversity of governing body/ex- Guiding Principles on Business and Human
ecutive team - The capabilities and perspectives of Rights (United Nations);
board/executive team members are important for Declaration on Fundamental Principles and
making robust decisions on an ongoing basis”. Rights at Work and Conventions (International
The Diversity and Inclusion Practice is applicable Labour Organization);
to the Ferrari Group, according to local legislation. UN Agenda 2030 for Sustainable Development;
The Diversity and Inclusion Practice was drafted EU Directive 2023/970 (Pay transparency);
taking into account the interests of employees, rep- EU Directive 2022/2381 (Gender balance among
resentatives of the Human Resources Department, Directors);
• as well as those of the Group Compliance, Investor UNI ISO 30415/2021 (Human resource manage-
Relations & Sustainability and Legal Departments, ment - Diversity and inclusion);
• that participated in its drafting. Through the Diversity UNI/PdR 125:2022 (Gender equality manage-
and Inclusion Practice the Ferrari Group promotes ment system);
the valorization of human resources and encour- Other Italian Legislative Decrees
ages the diffusion of a corporate culture based on
inclusion and mutual respect in the belief that diver- Several procedures have been implemented to pre-
sity represents a source of creativity, enrichment vent discrimination, particularly throughout the hiring
and innovation. Specific diversity aspects have been process, career development, and training activities.
identified as relevant for the Ferrari Group: ethnic In line with our Diversity and Inclusion Practice
origin, biological sex, sexual orientation, gender and to guarantee equal opportunities, our Company
identity, disability, age, religion, national extraction operates a merit-based remuneration procedure,
or social origin. For that reason, in carrying out its not discriminating based on gender, age, nationality,
activities, the Group adopts an approach aimed at social status or cultural background. Furthermore,
guaranteeing equal opportunities at all levels of the Ferrari adopted a Remuneration Policy determining
organization as well as rejecting any form of dis- the compensation for the executive and non-ex-
crimination. In addition, and according to impacts, ecutive Directors (please refer to the chapter
risks and opportunities, the Diversity and Inclusion “Remuneration of Directors”).
Practice principles apply to specific areas of interest: The Policy for Gender equality and Diversity and
people attraction & acquisition - including recruiting Inclusion, which applies to the entire Ferrari Group, was
-, people empowerment - including training and per- drafted taking into account the interests of employ-
formance and talent management, people reward- ees, irrespective of specific vulnerable groups and
ing - including salary review and promotion. The the Diversity and Inclusion Practice during 2024. The
Ferrari Leadership Team (FLT) is accountable for Policy for Gender equality and Diversity and Inclusion
the implementation of the Practice. Ferrari is able to defines gender equality as a key element in enhancing
monitor diversity and inclusion matters through the diversity and promoting inclusion. Ferrari believes that
continuous maintenance of the certifications related an inclusive work environment, open to diversity, is
to Diversity and Equal Opportunity (Equal Salary essential for attracting and retaining top talent, foster-
Certification and UNI/PdR 125). ing innovation, and ensuring the sustainable success
In drafting the Diversity and Inclusion Practice of the Company. We monitor progress toward gender
and defining its ambitions, both the Dutch Corporate equality, inclusion and women’s empowerment by col-
Governance Code (which was published on lecting data and feedback to assess the effectiveness
December 8, 2016, and subsequently updated) and, of our initiatives, ensuring ongoing improvement. The
more generally, the laws and regulations of the results obtained and future goals are communicated
countries in which Ferrari operates were taken into periodically, transparently, and responsibly.
consideration. In addition, the following internal doc- The Chief Human Resources Officer is the most
uments and international principles/guidelines were senior level in Ferrari that is accountable for the
considered. In detail: implementation of these policies.
262
The Diversity and Inclusion Practice and the Policy campaigns and training activities. The practice covers
for Gender Equality and Diversity and Inclusion are the following impacts: “Work-life balance, attention to
public on Ferrari’s corporate website and accessi- mental health with positive impacts on employees’
ble to all employees on the Ferrari intranet. physical and mental well-being” and “Work-related
injuries (employees, workers whose work or work-
HEALTH AND SAFETY POLICIES place is controlled by Ferrari) expose employees to
physical, psychological or safety consequences”.
We aim to safeguard the health and safety of the We regularly evaluate the impacts of our opera-
entire Ferrari workforce by preparing and adopt- tions and investments to minimize any potential risk
ing every necessary and appropriate measure to on our employees and communities. We do so by
uphold our workplaces to the highest standards of implementing all the necessary control measures
health, safety and hygiene. and remediating identified risks of accidents, inju-
We promote the dissemination and reinforcement ries, and health and environmental impacts. For fur-
of a health and safety culture within our organization, ther information please refer to “—Policies related to
in particular by raising awareness on health and safe- Own Workforce—Human Rights Practice”.
ty-related risks and fostering responsible behaviors Moreover, as part of the management system
of all our employees, also through awareness-raising ISO 45001:2018, Ferrari has formalized two Health &
Safety policies 65 covering Ferrari S.p.A. and Mugello The most senior level in Ferrari that is accountable
Circuit S.p.A., respectively. Both policies aim to for the implementation of these policies is the CEO.
achieve the best possible occupational health and Both policies are available on the Ferrari intranet.
safety conditions, including accident prevention, for
its employees and collaborators, as well as for sup- DATA RESPONSIBILITY AND PRIVACY
pliers and contractors in general. POLICIES
Through these policies, defined without stake-
holder involvement, Ferrari embraces and renews We regard the protection of personal data as a top pri-
its ambition to respect, protect and promote health ority of our organization. We respect the right to pri-
and safety, in accordance with legislative obliga- vacy of our workforce, irrespective of their functions
tions, as well as any other regulations or agreements or characteristics, undertaking to use the data and in-
voluntarily entered into by the Company and in line formation provided in a legitimate, fair and transpar-
with its impacts, risks and opportunities. For infor- ent manner in accordance with applicable laws.
mation regarding the interaction between material In conducing our business operations, we strive
impacts, risks and opportunities and strategy and to act in accordance with the current legislative
business model, refer to “ESRS 2—General disclo- framework that governs the processing of per-
sures—Strategy, business model and value chain”. sonal data at a global scale, including but not limited
263
to the General Data Protection Regulation “GDPR” ENGAGING OWN WORKFORCE
(EU Regulation no. 2016/679), the UK GDPR and the
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 “CCPA”. The
data protection legal framework has steadily devel- S1-2
oped in recent years and has brought a new aware-
ness to privacy. Ferrari engagement programs have always been
Workforce personal data are collected for the initiatives able to express our spirit of innovation,
management of the employment relationship, as allowing our employees to fully develop the value of
well as for regulatory and organizational purposes. collaboration.
Such data are handled with accuracy and confiden- Since 2021, “Formula Insieme” has been Ferrari’s
tiality and the appropriate legal bases. main employee engagement program, based on a
Within its implementation of the provisions set “plan, do, check, act” approach. Every two years, an
forth in the General Data Protection Regulation internal survey gathers employees’ views on topics
(GDPR), Ferrari decided to describe the privacy such as safety, change readiness, and company cul-
organizational structure of the Ferrari Group and to ture. In 2025, we focused especially on diversity and
establish and regulate the Ferrari Privacy Committee. inclusion initiatives, launching a voluntary survey to
Ferrari also identified the individuals involved in the collect employees’ views on current D&I initiatives
processing activities and their respective roles and and their ideas for future improvements. The follow-
responsibilities, including the Data Protection Officer ing impacts have been considered in the Formula
“DPO”, responsible for the compliance with the Privacy Insieme aspects: work-life balance, attention to
regulation, and the Chief Internal Audit, Risk and mental health with positive impacts on employees’
Compliance Officer, the most senior level account- physical and mental well-being, positive impacts
able for the implementation of Ferrari policies. on employees’ motivation and sense of belonging
The workforce Privacy Policy, available on the thanks to secure employment and working time,
Ferrari intranet, is applicable to all employees of competitive remuneration, benefits, training oppor-
Ferrari S.p.A., while the subsidiaries and branches tunities and career development and work-related
of the Ferrari Group worldwide implemented local injuries. The program addresses key impacts includ-
privacy notices in compliance with the applicable ing work-life balance, mental health, motivation,
local legislation. In addition, the Privacy Policy is pro- remuneration, and career development. In 2023,
vided to new hires when they sign their contract with over 95 percent of employees participated, with
Ferrari. The recipients of this Policy are all directors, results analyzed to identify areas for improvement
managers, employees, temporary workers, interns, and collect new ideas. Each department developed
and scholarship holders of the Ferrari Group. a specific action plan, coordinated by HR to ensure
We care about processing data in a safe and trans- engagement and follow-up on results.
parent manner, and in this respect, according to our In 2025, the D&I survey involved the entire Italian
Code of Conduct, we take the utmost care to protect the workforce, including direct employees and blue-col-
personal data of the individuals who are part of Ferrari lar workers across the Maranello, Milan, Modena and
and those who come into contact with us, including Mugello sites and those who might be more vulnera-
but not limited to our consumers and end-users. The ble or marginalized. The insights collected from this
Privacy Policy covers the following impacts and risk: survey will provide valuable guidance to the Company,
“Willful and/or unintentional security breaches involv- particularly to Human Resources Department and
ing confidential business information or employee its Chief Human Resources Officer, as a foundation
personal data with potential damage to them result- for shaping future activities. Through the survey, the
ing from the unlawful use of such information”. In line impact “Increasing Ferrari’s employees satisfaction
with our impacts, opportunities, and risks, the Code of and engagement by promoting awareness and cul-
Conduct includes specific guidelines related to respect ture about diversity and inclusion” was assessed.
and ensure data protection for confidential informa- In addition, since 2012 the engagement program
tion and personal data. “Ferrari League” continues to offer to Scuderia
Privacy and personal data protection are also Ferrari and Sports Cars employees the opportu-
covered by our Human Rights Practice. According nity to share their own ideas to optimize internal
to the latter, Ferrari processes all the collected per- processes, enhance productivity, reduce costs,
sonal data in compliance with applicable data pro- and improve the satisfaction of both internal and
tection laws and security and privacy policies. Please external stakeholders. The initiative is open to blue
refer to “—Policies related to Own Workforce—Human collars, with particular attention to ensuring the
Rights Practice” for further information. participation of those who might be more vulner-
able or marginalized. In 2025, we received over 22
thousand suggestions from employees with a focus
on quality (intended as the quality of the project pro-
posals presented), decarbonization, logistics and
process efficiency. The project has been ongoing
since 2012, with activities evolving almost every
year in response to continuous feedback. At the end
264
of this engagement activity, dedicated meetings are Human capital development ensures that our
organized with each Area/Department, involving Company has the appropriate skills to execute its
the respective Area and Team Leaders. These dis- business strategy, while also enhancing employee
cussions enable the identification of strengths and attraction, retention, and motivation. As a result, it in-
areas of improvement, to make the following year’s creases productivity, drives innovation and enables
activities even more effective. For each activity, us to mitigate the risk “Usage of external resources
we analyze the evaluation and delivery mode and that can have critical competence and know-how,
the project feasibility. No significant operational or and deal with strategic projects”. During the regular
capital expenditures have been allocated for these performance and career development review pro-
engagement activities in 2025. cess, training requirements are identified to address
All Group employees in Italy are subject to collec- the needs of both employees and the Company.
tive agreements, including the Contratto Collettivo Attracting, retaining and developing talent
Specifico di Lavoro (CCSL) signed on March 28, requires a strategic and integrated approach that
2023, the Accordo Premio di Competitività Ferrari considers employee needs and market dynamics.
and a collective bargaining agreement applica- We rely on a highly qualified and motivated work-
ble to managers, signed by the Italian trade union, force, which represents a real competitive asset in
Federmanager, on April 28, 2023. These collective an ever-changing economic environment.
agreements provide a structured framework for Our Training Plan is organized in three main mac-
a continuous dialog with employees’ representa- ro-areas and each of them has its own purpose:
tives, including on matters related to human rights,
and support the considerations and representation 1. to protect and pass on the strategic and specif-
of employees’ perspective within the group. These ic know-how of Ferrari and to project ourselves
collective agreements enforce a continuous dialog into the future of innovation;
with workers’ representatives also with respect 2. to shape and prepare the future managerial
to human rights, allowing them to highlight Ferrari class for business, innovation, management and
employees’ perspective. human capital development challenges;
3. to foster and support the inclusion, growth and
development of our people.
ADDRESSING NEGATIVE IMPACTS
AND OWN WORKFORCE CONCERNS Covering a wide range of topics - including digitali-
zation, globalization, sustainability, and continuous
improvement - the plan owes its success largely to
S1-3 the high-quality non mandatory training we continu-
ously provide to our employees.
Our own workforce can raise their concerns or Below a description of the actions implemented
needs through the Ethics Helpline, available on our for each macro-area to effectively manage the
corporate website. The Whistleblowing procedure potential negative impact identified during the
protects the whistleblower against retaliation. For Double materiality analysis. For further information
further information on the adopted channel for please refer to “ESRS 2—Impacts, risks and opportu-
raising concerns refers to “G1—Business Conduct— nities management”.
Business conduct policies and corporate culture—
Whistleblowing”. TO PROTECT AND PASS ON THE STRATEGIC
AND SPECIFIC KNOW-HOW OF FERRARI AND
TO PROJECT OURSELVES INTO THE FUTURE OF
ACTIONS RELATED TO OWN INNOVATION.
WORKFORCE
What makes Ferrari’s craftsmanship unique is the
direct transfer of knowledge and expertise from
ESRS 2 MDR-A, S1-4 senior to junior workers, which in our manufactur-
ing process takes place directly on the job as we be-
lieve in constantly maintaining excellence through a
TRAINING AND TALENT DEVELOPMENT “learning by doing” approach.
Among all the training initiatives in Ferrari, we
The success, prestige and appeal of our brand de- are very proud of our “Scuola dei Mestieri”, started
pend on the ability to attract and retain talents. Top in 2009. It is a unique, in-house, technical training
drivers, management, engineers, blue collars and all project for both white collars and blue collars of our
the employees that make Ferrari unique have to be development and production facilities in Maranello
rewarded based on their ability and determination. and Modena, which increases the professionalism
This is why we offer career progression opportu- of junior talents and motivates senior employees,
nities tailored to one’s strengths, ambitions and our recognizing their competencies by asking them to
Company’s requirements, underpinned by substan- become Maestri and to pass on Ferrari’s unique her-
tial investments in training. itage to the next generation. The initiative combines
265
different didactic methodologies, including on the roles. No significant operational or capital expendi-
job sessions and in-classroom training, both focused tures have been allocated to this action in 2025.
on the consolidation of competencies and skills, with The additional training program dedicated to
a particular focus on innovation. In 2025, innovative specific key roles, launched in 2024, are “Capo Team”
efforts were mainly directed towards the electric and “Technologists”. The former are supervisors
vehicle, with training courses specifically dedicated in charge of the employees in the Industrial, R&D,
to our new core components: the electric engine, Product Development and Quality areas. The latter
E-Axle, and high-voltage battery. Being a Maestro is are junior roles within the production areas, respon-
an aspirational position and key to the Company’s sible for managing the process and ensuring the suc-
success. In 2025, the program saw 5,400 participa- cessful outcome of the product in terms of quality
tions and more than 26 thousand hours of training and quantity within the required timelines. This initia-
have been conducted. tive has been divided into two waves between 2024
To provide an overview of the values inherent and 2025, and we plan to continue it in the future.
to the Ferrari DNA, we offer our employees a train- In general, participant satisfaction is assessed at
ing program called “Scuola delle Professioni” within the conclusion of all training programs. On an annual
“Scuola dei Mestieri”. This program aims to offer par- basis, training needs and requests for the upcoming
ticipants a complete vision of the development pro- year are identified and integrated, while participa-
cess of a new Ferrari Sports Car, from the product tion rates and total training hours are monitored to
concept's creation to the series production and go evaluate the overall progress and effectiveness of
to market, all in line with Ferrari’s targets and DNA. the training programs.
The course is based on four macro areas: prod- To support product development, our training
uct development, vehicle technology, testing and package includes activities focused on troubleshoot-
manufacturing, and delivery and selling activities. ing and problem solving, based on two methodolo-
The course comprises more than 40 lectures and gies: one oriented towards process improvement
more than 80 hours, all delivered during working and the other towards technical problem solving.
hours, including “technical” visits to all production In collaboration with the Quality department, these
departments. Due to the large number of employees training paths help address issues related to prod-
involved in this program, the activity was divided into uct development while contributing to the imple-
two waves (2024 and 2025) to allow all participants mentation and strengthening of the business.
to take part in the training. In 2025, the fifth session
took place, involving the remaining workforce from TO SHAPE AND PREPARE THE FUTURE
the R&D department in Maranello. The effectiveness MANAGERIAL CLASS FOR BUSINESS,
of this program is assessed through a satisfaction INNOVATION, MANAGEMENT AND HUMAN
survey covering the four topics addressed during CAPITAL DEVELOPMENT CHALLENGES.
the course. In the previous edition, more than 100
employees of the Design, Purchasing and Quality Following the conclusion of the Ferrari Corporate
departments have been involved. Executive MBA (EMBA), our master program, dedi-
To support the in-house development of core cated to Ferrari’s managers, in 2025 we organized
Ferrari components, we are experimenting with the aggregation activities to bring together Ferrari
use of augmented reality in our internal laboratories, Alumni66, who had the opportunity to meet up for
organizing experiential sessions that help partici- several days and take part in seminars, collaborative
pants gain a deeper understanding of our products. events and other joint initiatives. Looking ahead, the
The first product development program, started aim is to engage all Alumni in initiatives that foster
in 2017, is a training course delivered for blue collars Ferrari's development, such as addressing business
appointed as Conduttori in the Industrial, R&D and topics or challenges, proposing improvement ideas,
Quality departments, workers without hierarchical and fostering collaboration among participants of
responsibilities who play the role of link between different ages and experiences. Seminars and short
the team and the supervisor. Conduttori are cho- refresher courses will be organized to support this
sen not only for their technical skills but also for process. No significant operational or capital expen-
their soft ones. Throughout the years, this program ditures have been allocated to this action in 2025.
was extended to include all Conduttori. The training
course consists of 40 hours and includes technical TO FOSTER AND SUPPORT THE INCLUSION,
content sessions with internal Maestri and oper- GROWTH AND DEVELOPMENT OF OUR
ational problem-solving activities, all aligned with PEOPLE.
the activities of their respective roles. We assess
the level of satisfaction through a survey provided In line with business and Company requirements,
to all participants, covering organizational aspects, and consistently with the needs expressed in the
the topics discussed, and the instructor’s expertise. One Ferrari Performance and Feedback process67,
The result is the Net Promoter Score, an indicator of training activities were provided with respect to
participant satisfaction. Our strategy for future edi- managerial, technical and soft skills.
tions is to maintain periodic engagements with the Since 2019, we have continued to offer all our
categories involved to ensure the participation of all employees the possibility to access the Harvard
266
Manage Mentor e-learning platform. The platform is At Ferrari, recruitment and selection is about identify-
designed to provide employees - particularly new- ing and sourcing the right qualities and skills that will
comers - with essential managerial skills and to tailor represent the core of our future success. Our recruit-
professional development pathways according to ment process provides a platform to engage with
career levels. The program’s effectiveness is evalu- future employees, to assess competencies through
ated through a satisfaction survey, which measures a structured selection process and to prepare for
the extent to which participants can apply the man- post-recruitment integration and development.
agerial and soft skills acquired. Taking into account The mission of the recruitment team is to iden-
the results achieved, we plan to continue to provide tify, evaluate and bring onboard the individuals
access to the Harvard Manage Mentor e-learning aligned with our requirements and values. During
platform in the years to come. No significant opera- 2025, we received approximately 42 thousand
tional or capital expenditures have been allocated to applications, both specific and spontaneous, from
this action in 2025. blue collars, skilled workers as well as university
Moreover, to strengthen the management of educated applicants.
training activities, in 2025 we launched the learning We also undertake partnership programs with
management system platform “My Learning Centre”. leading universities worldwide to engage with stu-
The platform is designed as a repository for training dents, professors, career offices and a network of
courses and related tests, and as a tool for monitor- professionals to identify talents for the future68. In
ing and managing training activities. 2025, 88 events were organized, compared to 77 in
With the introduction of the new learning plat- 2024 and we plan to continue engaging universities
form, the enrollment process has been automated, in the years to come.
making onboarding more dynamic for new hires We offer Company insight presentations, Ferrari
and employees required to retake courses. Courses employees testimonials and selected case studies at
are immediately available upon joining the Company, university campuses. For partner universities such
with deadlines already set for each one. Among as the Motor Valley University of Emilia-Romagna
the mandatory courses relating to the General (MUNER), students also have the exclusive oppor-
Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Antitrust and tunity to visit Ferrari facilities. Moreover, in 2025
Anticorruption, a session is dedicated to our Code we hosted 30 high-school students and 20 women
of Conduct that also covers human rights. In 2025, a bachelor students from MUNER’s Summer Schools.
Group training module focused on phishing attacks They had the opportunity to visit Ferrari’s produc-
was launched to enhance awareness of cyberse- tion departments and to attend a lecture delivered
curity risks. To measure the effectiveness of these by a Maestro from Scuola dei Mestieri.
mandatory courses, a final test is administered with “Scuderia F1 Ferrari Engineering Academy”, active
a passing threshold of 80 percent correct answers. since 2015, is dedicated to the recruitment of talented
Taking into account the results achieved, we plan engineers worldwide to join our F1 team. In 2025, we
to continue offering online training to new employ- completed the eleventh edition of this talent program,
ees in the years to come. No significant operational allowing a selection of race engineering talents of part-
or capital expenditures have been allocated to this ner universities to work in Scuderia Ferrari. Each year,
action in 2025. 5 to 8 participants are selected through a rigorous
We focus on ensuring continuous progress process involving university partnerships, selection
across all training domains to maintain know-how assessments, and interviews. The program begins
continuity and strengthen employee skills, aligned with a two-day induction, followed by a structured
with our ambitions for the future. For this reason, in workweek in which participants spend 80 percent of
2025 all Ferrari employees received short training their time with line managers and 20 percent on inno-
pills on strategic topics such as electric vehicles and vation projects. Over six months, they work on 10 to 15
AI. We also launched GoFluent, a language training projects with the guidance of two dedicated mentors.
platform offering 42 languages and a wide range Participants gain transversal knowledge through
of activities, from grammar lessons to unlimited interactions with various departments, including
virtual group conversation classes. Since July 2025, Engine, Aerodynamics, Track and Tires. Developed in
employees have been able to extend access to one collaboration with Italian and international motorsport
guest. Program effectiveness is measured through universities, the Academy aims to identify and train top
a final test with an 80 percent passing threshold. No talent for the automotive and motorsport sectors. At
significant operational or capital expenditures have the end of the Academy, annual performance evalu-
been allocated to this action in 2025. ations are conducted for both staff and participants,
with additional mid-term and a final evaluation to mon-
TALENT RECRUITMENT AND EMPLOYEE itor participants’ progress and potential for hiring
RETENTION within the organization. From 2025, these talents will
be hired directly by Ferrari at the end of the academy,
The excellence that our products and our brand and no longer through internships. Since 2015, a total
embody is what attracts and retains the best talents of 52 participants have taken part in the Academy with
worldwide. a retention rate of around 73 percent over 10 years.
Taking into account the results achieved, we plan to
267
continue offering this program in the years to come. No significant operational or capital expenditures
No significant operational or capital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2025.
have been allocated to this action in 2025. To ease employees into their new jobs, for more
A new addition for 2025 is the “Ferrari Design than 10 years, we have been providing a two-day
Academy,” created with the aim of identifying future induction program the first Monday of every month.
talents who will contribute firsthand to the design and This program is dedicated to new hires of the Italian
architecture of the vehicles of the future. The project plants. The first day is dedicated to introducing the
involved several design universities with speeches three dimensions of the Company – Sport Cars, Racing
and events, presenting the new academy and the and Lifestyle – along with its culture and mission. The
recruitment procedures, and led to the selection of program also guides new employees through the
six participants of different nationalities. The pro- corporate offices (compliance, cybersecurity and
gram includes a six-month internship, at the end of administration) and ends with the factory tour of
which final performance evaluations are conducted the Maranello plant. The following day is dedicated
to monitor participants’ progress and to identify the to mandatory health and safety training. Blue collars
talents that will be hired by the Company. We plan to employees participate in two days of mandatory
continue offering this program in the years to come. health and safety training. Through this activity new
hires feel involved and engaged in the Company. The as provided for in a specific agreement signed with
program aims to introduce them to the Company’s the trade unions. Ferrari has signed the renewal
environment and provide the foundational informa- of the agreement for its Competitiveness Award
tion to begin their professional journey in Ferrari. The (“Premio di Competitività”), expired in December
positive feedback collected over the years indicates 2023. The new agreement will be valid for the four-
high levels of satisfaction, demonstrating progress year period 2024-2027, strengthened by the integra-
in the effectiveness of the actions disclosed in prior tion of an environmental factor into the award calcu-
periods. No significant operational or capital expen- lation. The effectiveness of these actions is assessed
ditures have been allocated to these actions in 2025. through the continuous decrease of the absentee-
We reward all Ferrari employees in Italy, exclud- ism rate, which is directly linked to the Award, and
ing Managers and Senior Managers, through a pro- the higher retention rate monitored throughout the
ductivity bonus called “Premio di Competitività”, years. As stipulated in the Competitiveness Award
based on yearly shipments, Adjusted EBITDA results agreement, we plan to continue offering the “Premio
and an ESG Factor, as well as a product quality index di Competitività” in the years to come. The expected
adjusted for individual absenteeism rates. In 2025, outcomes of the program include enhanced atten-
each employee received up to € 14.9 thousand tion to employee well-being and cultivation of a cul-
(please refer to Consolidated Financial Statements) ture that prioritizes employee satisfaction.
268
The behavioral model “One Ferrari”, introduced positively evaluated the Company’s programs in
in 2023, aims to provide common evaluation cri- terms of talent attraction, training, career develop-
teria and ensure greater standardization of feed- ment, inclusion and respect for diversity, welfare,
back across all employees. The model is based on social commitment and innovation.
our Values, and introduces 6 Guiding Principles
(Collaboration, Continuous Learning, Confident DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
Humility, Focus, Fearless Organization, and Will to
Progress), declined into concrete and measurable We have put in place many actions to reach the objec-
behaviors, which aim to lead our daily actions. Since tives outlined in the Diversity and Inclusion Practice.
then, One Ferrari has been integrated into the annu- In 2023, we have received the renewal of the Equal-
al performance appraisal process. Salary Certificate for providing equal pay to men and
All employees, excluding blue collars, can contin- women with the same qualifications and positions in
uously monitor their performance, give and receive the Company. This accreditation, confirmed in 2025,
feedback and work towards a final evaluation that attested the Company’s ambition to create an inclu-
consolidates all data into a clear and comprehensive sive and diverse working environment while foster-
overview of the year. This process also helps identify ing career development for everybody. The Equal
actionable opportunities for future development. Salary certification covers all the Ferrari Group and
All the people involved have access to a training on is valid for 3 years. During this period, two monitor-
our performance management process through ing reviews have been carried out to verify that the
online video courses that are always available to all ambition to a fair and non-discriminatory wage pol-
employees globally. icy is constant. The certification process involves
Starting in 2024, a pilot project was launched both quantitative and qualitative evaluations. The
in the manufacturing area to evaluate blue-collar quantitative evaluation, which must be surpassed
employees based on assessments from their man- to proceed to the qualitative evaluation, consists of
agers. In 2025, this appraisal model was extended to a detailed statistical analysis of compensation levels
the entire manufacturing area. to verify that the gender pay gap is lower than 5 per-
In addition to annual evaluations, targeted cent compared to a predictive statistical salary and
assessments are carried out on a selected group that the accuracy of the data used is greater than 90
of employees to measure their growth potential. percent. The qualitative evaluation assesses: (i) the
The type of assessment depends on the seniority CEO and Top Management’s ambition to Diversity
and the qualification of the participants involved, and Inclusion matters, (ii) how corporate processes
and they are all conducted by external assessors to and policies are fair in terms of gender, (iii) employ-
ensure unbiased evaluation of individual strengths. A ees’ perception of the inclusiveness of the culture
dedicated process is in place for blue-collar workers and (iv) the PDCA (Plan, Do, Check, Act) methodology
selected as potential Ferrari test drivers. application in all of the aforementioned processes.
Following these assessments, targeted initia- We see this certification not as an end point but as a
tives such as mentoring or coaching can be offered further stage of growth of the Company and an op-
to support professional development. In parallel, we portunity to continue to implement tangible actions
continue to run our leadership development pro- to ensure that everyone can pursue their own pro-
gram for Managers and Senior Managers, which fessional growth. In 2020, Ferrari was the first Italian
includes 360-degree feedback. The results of these company to receive this specific certification. No
assessments are a fundamental asset for succes- significant operational or capital expenditures have
sion planning in key positions, helping to identify been allocated to these actions in 2025.
career development opportunities and define effec- In December 2024, Group's company located in
tive retention strategies. Italy, received the UNI/PdR 125:2022 Certification,
Through our career development program, we which testifies our compliance with the guidelines
encourage the professional growth of our employees on the management system for gender equality and
and prioritize filling key positions with talented inter- with the set of performance indicators (KPIs) inher-
nal candidates before tapping into the external mar- ent to gender equality policies on organizations, in
ket. The results of the analysis carried out on our key six strategic areas such as: culture and strategy,
positions held by our employees are used to develop governance, human resources (HR) management
specific succession plans, with a readiness time- processes, opportunities for growth and inclu-
frame ranging from now to 2 to 4 years. These plans sion of women in business, gender pay equity and
are designed to ensure Ferrari’s long-term compet- parental protection and work-life balance. This cer-
itiveness while leveraging the talents of our employ- tification, confirmed in 2025, is valid for three years
ees. Moreover, we have the Internal Job Posting within and is subject to annual auditing. Gender Equality
our corporate portal, allowing employees to apply for Certification is a tool with the objective of promoting
new positions within the Company. This initiative aims the adoption of appropriate policies to reduce the
to foster talent, agility, and a culture of innovation. gender gap through fair career opportunities, equal
In 2025, for the sixth year in a row, our effort to pay, gender management policies and support for
guarantee employee attraction and retention was parenthood. We are convinced of the need to con-
also recognized by the Top Employers Institute who tinue promoting and implementing equal opportuni-
269
ties practice in the years to come. This certification fying what action Ferrari can take to strengthen and
not only demonstrates our ambition to equality and enhance Diversity & Inclusion. No significant opera-
inclusion but also allows us to continuously monitor tional or capital expenditures have been allocated to
and improve our business practices. No significant this action in 2025.
operational or capital expenditures have been allo-
cated to this action in 2025. HEALTH AND SAFETY
To continuously improve our Diversity and
Inclusion approach and achieve our policy objec- We place a strong emphasis on the safety of our
tives, we have defined some initiatives to support people and are dedicated to the prevention of work-
our employees in their work-life balance. Since place accidents.
2023, we have collaborated with a specialized Our hazard identification, risk assessment and
education technology company for our digital incident investigation processes are developed
self-coaching project dedicated to new parents. in accordance with the highest international and
The aim is to recognize the value of parental experi- national voluntary standards and normative require-
ence and enable Ferrari Group employees to apply ments on health and safety. In addition to formal
the acquired parenting talents and expertise into meetings being held with employee representatives,
their jobs. Enrollment in the program is open to new periodic meetings are also held with management to
parents (children aged 0-3) and expectant mothers. review safety issues and share best practices. The
Moreover, since 2025, we have launched a new pro- risk assessment output is a detailed risk list and the
gram for employees returning from maternity leave, related preventive measures. In addition, the assess-
consisting of six months of online career-coaching. ment revealed the workers most at-risk for each
To assess the effectiveness of these activities, at the risk, including both employees and non-employ-
end of the course, participants were asked to fill in ees, across Mugello Circuit S.p.A. and Ferrari S.p.A.
a survey. The purpose of this survey was to under- sites. These include areas such as the foundry, heat
stand the degree of appreciation of the projects. In treatment facilities, engine test rooms, racetrack,
2025, 98 percent of participants stated they were car refueling stations, gasoline circuit intervention
satisfied with the course (95 percent for the online workshops, warehouses, engine/component test
self-coaching platform, 100 percent for the career cells, assembly lines, and car storage facilities.
coaching). Given the high level of appreciation for Periodic internal health and safety audits are per-
these projects, we will continue these forms of col- formed to ensure compliance with our health and
laboration in the coming years. No significant oper- safety management system, applicable laws and best
ational or capital expenditures have been allocated practices of Ferrari S.p.A. and Mugello Circuit S.p.A..
to this action in 2025. Specifically, 100 percent of employees and non-em-
This initiative complements other parental sup- ployees of both Ferrari S.p.A. and Mugello Circuit
port projects included in the Company Welfare S.p.A. are fully covered by the health and safety man-
program, as detailed in “—Actions related to Own agement system in accordance with legal require-
Workforce—Welfare and Working Environment”. ments. Our health and safety management systems
In 2025, Ferrari strengthened its commitment are certified ISO 45001:2018, a voluntary interna-
to training and awareness on Diversity & Inclusion tional standard, which specifies the requirements of
through a series of initiatives involving the entire an occupational health and safety management sys-
organization. During the year, five dedicated tem with reference to the activities performed within
speeches were delivered on key D&I topics, includ- the premises of the organization by its employees or
ing the LGBTQIA+ community, disability, intergen- external workers. The data is in headcount.
erational diversity, gender equality, and Ferrari’s We continue to make significant investments in
educational projects within local communities. In safety at work, improvements in the existing struc-
addition, a series of workshops, all held in person, tures and specific training have allowed us to achieve
were organized with the Top Management and the significant results. Mandatory health and safety train-
Ferrari Leadership Team focused on intergener- ing is provided to all new hires during the second day
ational diversity, cultural differences and gender of the induction program, while periodic sessions
equality. A specific workshop on inclusive lan- are developed for all employees. We provide employ-
guage was organized for the Communication and ees who test our cars with specific on-track driving
Recruiting departments and key departments, with training to make sure they have all the skills required
the aim of ensuring that all corporate content cre- to perform emergency maneuvers, if necessary. In
ators pay close attention to inclusive communica- addition, a specific health and safety section is part
tion and reflect inclusive principles. Furthermore, of the training program of the “Department Team
hybrid training programs were launched for some Leaders”. Moreover, periodic meetings with the
departments with a focus on the prevention and rec- Representatives of Safety Workers (RLS) are sched-
ognition of gender-based, physical and verbal vio- uled quarterly and not just annually, as required by
lence. To identify the most appropriate D&I activities the CCSL (“Contratto Collettivo Specifico di Lavoro”)
to be implemented in the coming years, in 2025 we to address any potential health and safety threat that
organized a laboratory with some employees, rep- could arise. Mandatory trainings are completed by
resenting Ferrari workforce, with the goal of identi- 100 percent of the addressees and cover Ferrari
270
S.p.A. and Mugello Circuit S.p.A.. Mandatory health and management and correct them to prevent future
safety training has been in place since the obligation incidents. This activity is set to continue in the com-
exists. These activities are conducted annually and, ing years. Currently, similarly to the other health and
according to local regulations and internal practices, safety actions, effectiveness of measures results
will continue in the coming years. At present, the pri- from the low frequency and magnitude of incidents.
mary method for assessing the effectiveness of the No significant operational or capital expenditures
training content is the test administered at the end of have been allocated to this action in 2025.
the course. No significant operational or capital expen- With the aim of transforming health and safety
ditures have been allocated to this action in 2025. rules into real values for our employees, the “SaFe
We remain dedicated to advancing the program Safety Ferrari” initiative was launched at the end of
aimed at highlighting the “near misses”: events that 2024. This project was initially directed at the tech-
could have caused injuries but did not. Active since nology department and was extended in 2025 to
2021 in Ferrari’s production facilities, the program the entire manufacturing department, including the
operates on a “bottom-up” logic, enabling everyone, production department. The initiative involves the
including those who carry out simple operational participation of all managers responsible for safety
roles, to submit reports. The “Near Miss program” in two stages. In an initial general meeting, sensitive
aims to map hazards or weaknesses in Ferrari’s risk health and safety issues are discussed, followed by
one-to-one interviews with each manager in order WELFARE AND WORKING ENVIRONMENT
to propose and identify the four shared rules to be
implemented. At the end of the process, there is a We know that the highest individual and team per-
one-hour meeting with all manufacturing workers to formance is only achieved if employees feel they
share the four chosen rules. The aim of this initiative is are in an empowering environment. We also believe
to begin by addressing workers’ needs, establishing that the quality of our products cannot be separated
shared standards and rules that benefit everyone. from the lives of the people working at Ferrari.
Since the introduction of this initiative, 89 managers One of our many strengths is the ability to attract,
responsible for safety have been involved. We plan to retain and develop talents. Since 1997, we have
continue this activity for at least the next four years. launched our unique set of initiatives, with the intention
The effectiveness of this initiative is monitored by of developing a high-quality working life for Ferrari
external consultants who provide on-site support to employees, both professionally and personally. Over
health and safety managers at four different stages the years, the project has become a pillar of our cul-
for the implementation of each of the four rules. No ture, based on redesigning the working environment,
significant operational or capital expenditures have enforcing a safety-first culture, enabling individual
been allocated to this action in 2025. development, enhancing teamwork and building a
community now comprising 62 different nationalities.
271
Our complex in Maranello, a state-of-the-art work and reverberation). In addition, in 2024, we inaugu-
environment, was designed to reinforce the syner- rated the e-Building, based on the concept of tech-
gistic relationship between work and results. With nological neutrality and flexibility. The e-Building will
the needs of our employees firmly in mind, our man- house the production and development of internal
ufacturing facilities are specifically created to com- combustion, hybrid and full electric models and also
bine carefully designed lighting systems - projected represents a strategic asset for the construction of
to maximize the amount of natural light - and several electric motors, batteries, electric axles and vehicle
external and internal green areas. Thermal comfort assembly. In this facility, various solutions have been
throughout the factory is also a crucial requirement designed to improve the well-being of people in the
and, since 2013, the in-plant foundry is equipped with work environment: ergonomic workstations, relax-
a cooling system that makes it air-conditioned and ation areas, acoustic and visual comfort, and the cor-
climate controlled. Special measures aimed at re- rect mix of natural and artificial lighting are some of
ducing the environmental impact and noise using ad- the aspects that are the most beneficial.
vanced technologies are also in place. As an example, As part of its longstanding commitment to
the design of our manufacturing facilities is aimed well-being and work-life balance, Ferrari has been
at providing the workplace with maximum acoustic offering the preventive medical program “Formula
comfort thanks to noise reduction solutions (source Benessere” since 1999. This program allows employ-
ees in Italy to participate voluntarily, free of charge, age range for children has been expanded from 5-15
in a single annual appointment comprising specialist years to 4-17 years. In 2025, more than 3,100 employ-
medical consultations. ees, representing around 63 percent of eligible pop-
Until 2023, employees could undergo specific ulation, and over 1,000 children benefited from med-
medical examinations within the Company premises. ical and specialist check-ups performed through
Starting from 2024, the program has been enriched “Formula Benessere”, which will continue in the fol-
to provide each employee with a comprehensive lowing years. These cover Ferrari S.p.A., including
medical check-up. This includes five specialist con- Italian stores. The effectiveness of these actions is
sultations (ophthalmology, cardiology, dermatology, assessed through a statistical report on employee
internal medicine, and sports medicine), with the and children attendance to the welfare initiative, and
option to add a gynecological or urological examina- an internal satisfaction questionnaire. Moreover,
tion, along with a series of blood tests. Notably, the employees can access medical and physiothera-
check-up is designed to be completed in a single ses- peutic support during trips related to the Formula 1
sion, during working hours. World Championship. To promote an active lifestyle
Ferrari also extends this dedicated annual among our employees, our program also includes
check-up, free of charge and on a voluntary basis, to access to a gym. It is available for all the employees in
its employees’ children. Starting in 2024, the eligible Maranello, while employees at the Modena plant have
272
free membership in one of the city gyms. No signif- ensure compliance with data protection and privacy
icant operational or capital expenditures have been law requirements. We have implemented new pro-
allocated to this action in 2025. cesses, such as digital systems to collect consent
As part of the initiatives to promote work-life and privacy notice acknowledgments, the adoption
balance, Ferrari offers specific programs for of a governance tool to periodically update records of
employees’ families. The “Formula Estate Junior” and processing activities, perform data protection impact
“Formula Scuola” programs aim at strengthening assessments, conduct legitimate interest balancing
the sense of belonging among employees and their tests, and manage cookies. Moreover, we have cre-
families while, above all, providing tangible support ated internal procedures among which the Privacy
for parenting. Procedure, the Privacy by Design Procedure, the Data
Formula Estate Junior is a project providing sup- Retention Procedure, the Data Breach Procedure, the
port to Ferrari Maranello and Modena parents during Appointment and management of system administra-
the Italian summer school break for the children of tors, the Data Subject Access Requests Management
employees aged 3 to 13: it consists in a summer camp Procedure. To answer requests from data subjects
centered around fun and structured with socio-ed- and to comply with applicable regulations, we have
ucational programs. These include sports activities, implemented an online portal (OneTrust) which allows
excursions, and educational workshops tailored to anyone, including employees, consumers and end-us-
each age group. Each edition of the “Formula Estate ers, to make privacy requests in a structured format.
Junior” camp is designed around a specific educa- Ferrari also has a specific e-mail address in place
tional theme developed by professional educators where anyone, including employees and other stake-
in collaboration with the local community. The edu- holders can submit their privacy requests. To track
cational theme chosen in 2025 focused on activities and assess the effectiveness of this tool, in 2025 we
and workshops concerning disability to raise aware- have implemented specific KPIs related to response
ness and to foster a culture of acceptance and inte- times and we monitor periodically such KPIs. We
gration. The sixteenth edition saw the participation provide the operating instructions for authorized
of more than 900 children. people within the Company who process personal
“Formula Scuola” is a program that actively sup- data, we have identified internal privacy referents
ports education through the award of scholarships within Company departments and we have an inter-
to outstanding students and textbook reimburse- nal Privacy Committee in place. No significant opera-
ments. The scholarships, named after our founder tional or capital expenditures have been allocated to
Enzo Ferrari, are awarded to Ferrari S.p.A. employ- these actions in 2025.
ees and their children who have continued their In case we need Personal Data to be processed
studies and achieved excellent academic results. In by third parties service providers, we have imple-
2025, our Chairman and CEO awarded 131 scholar- mented a Data Processing Agreement (DPA) to be
ships to talented students during a special award signed between Ferrari and the third-party pro-
ceremony organized for the occasion. cessing personal data on its behalf. The process
Both initiatives have reached their sixteenth edi- requires the filling out of a specific “DPA” section
tions and will continue in the future. The effective- during the issuance of a privacy relevant purchase
ness of this activity is assessed through the mon- request to the supplier. An Intercompany Data
itoring of children’s participation and an internal Protection Agreement has been signed by Ferrari
satisfaction questionnaire dedicated to employees. S.p.A. and its subsidiaries.
No significant operational or capital expenditures The Compliance department, with the support
have been allocated to this action in 2025. of the Human Resources department, identifies and
The textbook reimbursement initiative, on the proposes appropriate awareness-raising activities
other hand, is available to children of Ferrari employ- for Ferrari’s personnel on personal data protection
ees in Italy enrolled in middle and high schools. In and on the rules defined in Ferrari’s internal regula-
2025, it benefited over 1,000 employees. tions. Training is mandatory for every new hire, as well
Many other activities to foster a shared sense of as when there are changes in duties or the introduc-
belonging were carried out in 2025 by the Ferrari tion of significant new tools, with significant impact on
Group, including Finali Mondiali at the Mugello Circuit, the processing of personal data. E-learning courses
and Esperienza Ferrari that, since 2025, has given are organized for and addressed to employees who
its employees the opportunity to drive a Ferrari car are involved in the processing of personal data, while
with an expert alongside them. courses related to the correct collection of client
data and their consents are organized for the Dealer
DATA RESPONSIBILITY AND PRIVACY Network. Whereas, dedicated face-to-face training
has been delivered to the Referents of the Privacy
The following overview outlines the actions imple- Structure and to at risk areas. The purpose of the
mented to effectively manage the potential negative training is to raise awareness on data risks and pre-
impact identified during the Double materiality anal- vention measures. It focuses on key aspects of per-
ysis. For additional information please refer to “ESRS sonal data regulations, available measures to prevent
2—Impacts, risks and opportunities management”. harmful events, relevant responsibilities and ways to
We have adopted a progressive approach to stay updated on the Company’s security measures.
273
The effectiveness of the training courses in guaran- people had been and will be addressed by specific
teeing proper data protection and privacy is assessed risk-based training activities. At the end of each train-
through a final test. In 2025, there were no significant ing session, a learning test is administered to verify
changes to these trainings and for the future, we the effectiveness of the topics discussed. The test-
will continue with the activity carried out in previous ing cycle is continuously performed (once a quarter)
years. No significant operational or capital expendi- constantly varying the bait to stay aligned with the
tures have been allocated to this action in 2025. new and ever-changing attack techniques. Training is
Any unauthorized access to our information similarly performed, always considering the newest
technology systems may compromise the confiden- threats (e.g. IA and deep fake, Quishing) and, when-
tiality of Ferrari’s intellectual property or the privacy ever necessary, tailored to specific needs or topics.
of our clients’ information and expose us to claims as Furthermore, periodic alerts are sent to the whole
well as reputational damage. For these reasons, we Company whenever a specific risk arises (e.g. phish-
have always paid the utmost attention to cybersecu- ing campaigns). No significant operational or capital
rity. To defend, detect and respond to cybersecurity expenditure has been allocated to this action in 2025.
incidents, we have implemented several actions, For further details see “Corporate Governance—
among which we conduct proactive privacy and Cybersecurity”.
cybersecurity reviews of systems and applications,
including yearly attack exercises to test our cyber-
security posture, audit applicable data policies, per- TARGETS RELATED TO OWN
form penetration testing using external third-party WORKFORCE
tools, techniques and security service providers to
test our posture, operate a bug bounty program to
encourage proactive vulnerability reporting. ESRS 2 MDR-T, S1-5
We regularly engage external auditors and con-
sultants to support periodic security assessments
such as penetration testing, continuous and auto- TALENT ATTRACTION, RETENTION AND
matic vulnerability assessment, email and web filter- DEVELOPMENT
ing, endpoint and infrastructure protection, data loss
prevention, authentication systems, and advisory and We do not have specific measurable targets for
support on certain cybersecurity enhancements. In employee training, but we aim to provide a range
2025, we carried out red and purple teaming activi- of training activities as described above in order to
ties, consisting of attack simulations conducted with- promote a competent and up-to-date workforce.
out the prior knowledge of cybersecurity staff. These Similarly, we do not have specific measurable tar-
exercises, performed by an external company, were gets for talent recruitment and employee retention,
aimed at testing both the preparedness of employ- but we have started monitoring various KPIs to en-
ees and the resilience of the cyber infrastructure, sure equal opportunities for all talents. Our ambition
verifying detection capabilities on the one hand and is to attract individuals who are eager to learn and
employee behavior on the other. Worldwide primary continuously improve their performance through
cybersecurity companies are frequently involved. the initiatives described above.
These partnerships enable us to leverage specialized
knowledge, insights and training, ensuring our cyber- DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
security strategies and processes remain aligned
with fast evolving risk scenarios and new technol- In 2022, we defined as a strategic goal to maintain a
ogies. Every activity, involving the entire Ferrari healthy growth rate of women in managerial positions,
Group’s IT infrastructure, is continuously monitored considering the percentage of women in the total em-
by cybersecurity systems and services as well as by ployee population. We defined as an appropriate tar-
periodic internal and external independent controls. get to have at least 18 percent women in managerial
These activities are structured to include periodic positions within the Ferrari Group by 2027, compared
reviews at an appropriate frequency to minimize the to 2017, in line with the Dutch Act on balanced gender
risk of cyberattacks to the greatest extent possible. diversity at the top of large companies of September
No significant operational or capital expenditure has 2021 and our Diversity and Inclusion Practice. During
been allocated to this action in 2025. the process of target setting the interests of our em-
Annually, all Ferrari employees are provided with ployees were taken into consideration, however, we
specific courses on information security and cyber- did not engage our own workforce or workers’ rep-
security. The same training is provided to external resentatives. The Compensation Committee and the
workers too. This training is generally delivered ESG Committee monitor the progress towards our
online and, in some cases (e.g. new hires, specific targets on an annual basis through specific KPIs in-
situations, ad hoc business requests), in-person and cluded in this Report and if deemed necessary re-
it is part of regularly launched training campaigns. quest target revision.
Internal “Phriendly Phishing” campaigns are quar- The continuous monitoring of our target shows that
terly carried out to assess the level of awareness of women in managerial positions69, as of December
the Ferrari population regarding phishing. Phished 31, 2017 accounted for 11.8 percent (while women
274
represented 12.2 percent of the total employee pop- Performance updates are shared via the Ferrari
ulation) and as of December 31, 2025 accounted for intranet. Management reviews and sets these KPIs
17.1 percent (while women represented 16.9 per- on an annual basis, focusing on continuous improve-
cent of the total employee population). ment. While our KPIs are generally lower than indus-
Our plan to achieve the target is to continue the try averages, international standards set significant-
implementation of initiatives and actions, such as fos- ly higher benchmarks.
tering the value of diversity in the panel of hiring candi-
dates, monitoring the percentage of men and women DATA RESPONSIBILITY AND PRIVACY
involved in career plans and salary reviews, and defin-
ing clear diversity objectives for all levels in the orga- We strive to ensure that every step of our produc-
nization. For Ferrari it is important to guarantee equal tion follows current regulations, however, we have
opportunities at all levels, for this reason, consistency not set specific targets on data protection and pri-
between the global percentage and the managerial vacy. Our priority is to ensure compliance with data
percentage is a key indicator in our diversity strategy. protection and privacy laws, particularly with the
For Board of Directors diversity targets refers to General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
“ESRS 2—General disclosures—Governance—Board
of Directors diversity targets”.
METRICS RELATED TO OWN
HEALTH AND SAFETY WORKFORCE
Our main objective is to promote and disseminate
a culture of health and safety across the entire S1-6, S1-7, S1-9, S1-10, S1-13, S1-14, S1-16, S1-17
Ferrari Group, consistent with our policies. While we
have not set publicly disclosed target, we regularly
monitor key health and safety KPIs including injury CHARACTERISTICS OF FERRARI EMPLOYEES
rate, hours of training and number of audits con-
ducted, with the ambition to continuously improve. As of December 31, 2025, Group employees were
These KPIs have been measured on an annual ba- 5,718, an increase of 5 percent compared to
sis, with monthly monitoring to identify deviations. December 31, 2024 5,435.
EMPLOYEES BY GENDER AND EMPLOYEE CATEGORY
at December 31, 2025
Male Male % Female Female % Other Other % Not Not Total
Disclosed Disclosed %
Managers and Senior 141 87.6% 20 12.4% — —% — —% 161
Managers
Middle Managers 680 81.9% 150 18.1% — —% — —% 830
White collars 1,552 73.1% 572 26.9% — —% — —% 2,124
Blue collars 2,377 91.3% 226 8.7% — —% — —% 2,603
Total 4,750 83.1% 968 16.9% — —% — —% 5,718
at December 31, 2024
Male Male % Female Female % Other Other % Not Not Total
Disclosed Disclosed %
Managers and Senior 149 87.6% 21 12.4% — —% — —% 170
Managers
Middle Managers 661 83.2% 133 16.8% — —% — —% 794
White collars 1,456 73.7% 519 26.3% — —% — —% 1,975
Blue collars 2,294 91.9% 202 8.1% — —% — —% 2,496
Total 4,560 83.9% 875 16.1% — —% — —% 5,435
The data was extracted from the HR internal database and then classified
into the four categories mentioned above, considering employees in
service as of December 31, 2025.
275
HEAD COUNT - BY ENTITY AND GENDER
at December 31, 2025
Country Female % Female Male % Male Other % Other Not % Not Total
Disclosed Disclosed
Total Italy 833 15.5% 4,534 84.5% — —% — —% 5,367
Total Rest of 135 38.5% 216 61.5% — —% — —% 351
the world
Total Group 968 16.9% 4,750 83.1% — —% — —% 5,718
at December 31, 2024
Country Female % Female Male % Male Other % Other Not % Not Total
Disclosed Disclosed
Total Italy 744 14.6% 4,344 85.4% — —% — —% 5,088
Total Rest of 131 37.8% 216 62.2% — —% — —% 347
the world
Total Group 875 16.1% 4,560 83.9% — —% — —% 5,435
As shown in the tables above, 93.9% of our employ- Geographical distribution information is obtained
ees work in Italy, which is considered the only signifi- from the HR internal database. All employees cov-
cant location of operation as this is where our plants ered by the CCSL, along with Ferrari N.V., fall within
and most of our workforce is located. the Italian perimeter.
HEAD COUNT - BY TYPE OF EMPLOYEE AND ENTITY
at December 31, 2025
Total Italy Total Rest of the Total Group
world
Number of employees (head count) 5,367 351 5,718
Number of permanent employees (head count) 5,365 317 5,682
Number of temporary employees (head count) 2 34 36
Number of non-guaranteed hours employees (head count) — — —
Number of full-time employees (head count) 5,335 349 5,684
Number of part-time employees (head count) 32 2 34
Number of non-employees (head count / FTE) 1,040 18 1,058
at December 31, 2024
Total Italy Total Rest of the Total Group
world
Number of employees (head count) 5,088 347 5,435
Number of permanent employees (head count) 5,085 304 5,389
Number of temporary employees (head count) 3 43 46
Number of non-guaranteed hours employees (head count) — — —
Number of full-time employees (head count) 5,064 345 5,409
Number of part-time employees (head count) 24 2 26
Number of non-employees (head count / FTE) 1,062 7 1,069
276
Most of our employees have a permanent contract have fixed-term contracts. Non-guaranteed hours
(99.4%) and almost all our employees are full-time employees are employed on contracts without a
(99.4%). minimum guaranteed number of working hours. Full-
The data in the tables above includes all employ- time employees work the standard hours as defined
ees working for Ferrari’s entities and the data is dis- by applicable legislation or employment agreement.
closed in head count. The information refers to the Part-time employees, however, work fewer hours
end of the reporting period. than full-time thresholds. These distinctions apply
Employees are categorized based on the terms across all countries where Ferrari has facilities.
and conditions of their employment contracts. The data was directly extracted from the HR
Permanent employees have an indefinite employ- internal database and classified into the categories
ment contract, whereas temporary employees described above.
EMPLOYEE TURNOVER BY GENDER
Female Male Other Not disclosed Total Group
Employees at December 31, 2024 875 4,560 0 0 5,435
New Hires 137 350 0 0 487
Departures 44 160 0 0 204
Employees at December 31, 2025 968 4,750 0 0 5,718
New Hires (%) 14.15% 7.37% —% —% 8.52%
Departures (%) 4.55% 3.37% —% —% 3.57%
The employee turnover is calculated using as the nominator, employees
who left during the year due to dismissal, retirement, or death in service,
and as the denominator, the number of employees at the end of the
reporting period.
Please refer to “Overview of Our Business—Employees” for information
on employees.
CHARACTERISTICS OF FERRARI NON-EMPLOYEES
TOTAL NUMBER OF WORKERS WHO ARE NOT EMPLOYEES AND WHOSE WORK IS CONTROLLED BY THE
ORGANIZATION
at December 31,
Agency workers 211 235
Staff leasing workers 847 752
Total 1,058 987
Non-employees contribute to various departments across the Company,
depending on the workload and ongoing projects. Agency and staff
leasing workers are both hired through agencies, though they differ in
employment terms: agency workers are hired on a temporary contract,
while staff leasing employees hold permanent contracts. Interns are not
considered in 2025 and in 2024.
277
278
DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
Below are some figures related to the Diversity and Inclusion Practice
and other related policies.
HEAD COUNT - BY TYPE OF EMPLOYEE AND GENDER
at December 31, 2025
Female Male Other Not Total
Disclosed
Number of employees (head count) 968 4,750 — — 5,718
Number of permanent employees (head count) 951 4,731 — — 5,682
Number of temporary employees (head count) 17 19 — — 36
Number of non-guaranteed hours employees (head count) — — — — —
Number of full-time employees (head count) 939 4,745 — — 5,684
Number of part-time employees (head count) 29 5 — — 34
Number of non-employees (head count) 241 817 — — 1,058
at December 31, 2024
Female Male Other Not Total
Disclosed
Number of employees (head count) 875 4,560 — — 5,435
Number of permanent employees (head count) 853 4,536 — — 5,389
Number of temporary employees (head count) 22 24 — — 46
Number of non-guaranteed hours employees (head count) — — — — —
Number of full-time employees (head count) 853 4,556 — — 5,409
Number of part-time employees (head count) 22 4 — — 26
Number of non-employees (head count) 249 820 — — 1,069
The data was extracted from the HR internal database and then classified
into the four categories mentioned above, considering employees in
service as of December 31, 2025.
279
EMPLOYEES BY AGE GROUP AND EMPLOYEE CATEGORY
at December 31, 2025
<30 30-50 >50 Total
Managers and Senior Managers — 73 88 161
Middle Managers 2 546 282 830
White collars 333 1,509 282 2,124
Blue collars 414 1,582 607 2,603
Total 749 3,710 1,259 5,718
at December 31, 2024
<30 30-50 >50 Total
Managers and Senior Managers — 81 89 170
Middle Managers 4 536 254 794
White collars 311 1,403 261 1,975
Blue collars 394 1,558 544 2,496
Total 709 3,578 1,148 5,435
The number of employees was extracted from the HR internal database,
subsequently each employee’s age was calculated based on the
difference between December 31, 2025 and their date of birth.
GENDER DISTRIBUTION OF SENIOR MANAGERS LEVEL70
at December 31, 2025
Male Male % Female Female % Other Other % Not Not Total Total %
Disclosed Disclosed
%
Senior 12 85.7% 2 14.3% — —% — —% 14 100%
Managers
at December 31, 2024
Male Male % Female Female % Other Other % Not Not Total Total %
Disclosed Disclosed
%
Senior 14 87.5% 2 12.5% — —% — —% 16 100%
Managers
280
ADEQUATE WAGES
We compensate our employees competitively, guaranteeing wages and
benefits that are equal or superior to the minimum requirements set by
the applicable laws and regulations, as well as the collective bargaining
agreements, and that are in line with market practices and consistent
with their skill set, seniority and performance.
Adequate wages
Employees with adequate wage 100% 100%
Employees in Italy and of foreign subsidiaries receive wages that exceed
the minimum wage provided by the ESRS guidelines. In particular, all
employees of the Group in Italy are covered by collective agreements
(Contratto Collettivo Specifico di Lavoro (CCSL) and a collective
bargaining agreement for our managers, signed by the Italian trade
union, Federmanager, on April 28, 2023).
TRAINING AND TALENT DEVELOPMENT
AVERAGE HOURS OF TRAINING BY GENDER AND EMPLOYEE CATEGORY
Gender 2025 2024
Male 13.4 15.7
Female 15.5 20.6
Other — —
Not disclosed — —
Total 13.7 16.4
Employee category 2025 2024
Managers and Senior Managers 17.1 20.8
Middle Managers 18.3 23.4
White collars 20.4 22.8
Blue collars 6.6 8.9
Total 13.7 16.4
The total hours of training are obtained from the Company’s database,
which tracks participation and outcomes for each course session in
terms of hours completed and number of attendees. In the total amount,
individuals who withdrew, non-employees, those who failed the final
test, or those who did not complete the entire course are excluded.
Subsequently, the total number of training hours is divided by the number
of employees per employment category and gender.
281
TALENT RECRUITMENT AND EMPLOYEE RETENTION
In 2025, 51.6% of employees received regular performance and career
development reviews. This percentage is attributable to white collars,
middle managers and managers and senior managers. For this reason,
the percentage related to women (72%) is significantly higher than that of
men (47.5%) given that the blue collars category is predominantly male.
EMPLOYEES RECEIVING REGULAR PERFORMANCE AND CAREER DEVELOPMENT REVIEWS
2025
% Male % Female % Other % Not Disclosed % Total
Managers and Senior 99.3% 95.0% —% —% 98.8%
Managers
Middle Managers 98.4% 98.0% —% —% 98.3%
White collars 93.2% 92.8% —% —% 93.1%
Blue collars —% —% —% —% —%
Total 47.5% 72.0% —% —% 51.6%
2024
% Male % Female % Other % Not Disclosed % Total
Managers and Senior 98.7% 100.0% —% —% 98.8%
Managers
Middle Managers 96.4% 97.7% —% —% 96.6%
White collars 92.5% 90.6% —% —% 92.0%
Blue collars —% —% —% —% —%
Total 46.7% 71.0% —% —% 50.6%
In 2025, each employee who was evaluated received one performance
review, as agreed by management.
The metrics were obtained from an internal tool used for performance
and career evaluation. Only employees who were employed as of
December 31, 2025 and had received an evaluation during the year were
included in the tool. The employees were then classified into the four
categories mentioned above based on their job title.
282
HEALTH, SAFETY AND WELL-BEING
The table below shows the number of injuries, the working hours and the
injury rate divided between employees and non-employees monitored
in the reporting period. In 2025, the injury rate of employees was 1.18
with 11 occurrences (9 in 2024) and no fatalities occurring. Whereas the
injury rate of non-employees was 0.35 with 1 occurrence (1 in 2024). Each
work-related injury is analyzed to determine the cause, and appropriate
measures to avoid reoccurrences are then implemented. We continue to
monitor injuries while strengthening prevention efforts and conducting
in-depth analysis to prevent recurrence.
The following data is in headcount.
NUMBER OF INJURIES AND INJURY RATE
EMPLOYEES INJURIES
at December 31,
Total number of recorded working injuries 11 9
Of which working injuries with absence from 1 to 3 days 4 4
Of which working injuries with absence of over 3 days 7 5
Of which serious working injuries (not considering deaths) — —
Of which number of fatalities as result of work-related injuries — —
Working hours 9,330,833 9,146,021
Number of days lost to work-related injuries and fatalities from work-related accidents 181 191
Recorded working injuries rate 1.18 0.98
EMPLOYEES WORK-RELATED ILL HEALTH
at December 31,
Number of cases of recordable work-related ill health of employees 1 1
Of which number of fatalities in own workforce as result of work-related ill health — —
Working hours 9,330,833 9,146,021
Number of days lost to work-related ill health and fatalities from ill health related to 220 193
employees
283
NON-EMPLOYEES INJURIES
at December 31,
Total number of recorded working injuries 1 1
Of which working injuries with absence from 1 to 3 days 1 —
Of which working injuries with absence of over 3 days 0 1
Of which serious working injuries (not considering deaths) — —
Of which number of fatalities as result of work-related injuries — —
Working hours 2,883,741 1,692,308
Number of days lost to work-related injuries and fatalities from work-related accidents 3 9
Recorded working injuries rate 0.35 0.59
NON-EMPLOYEES WORK-RELATED ILL HEALTH
at December 31,
Number of cases of recordable work-related ill health of employees — —
Of which number of fatalities in own workforce as result of work-related ill health — —
Working hours 2,883,741 1,692,308
Number of days lost to work-related ill health and fatalities from ill health related to — —
employees
Health and safety contents are also covered by the CCSL (Contratto
Collettivo Specifico di Lavoro), signed on March 8, 2023, and also by the
Accordo Premio di Competitività Ferrari, signed on September 25, 2019,
and renewed on November 13, 2023, valid for the four year period 2024-
2027, providing a specific Health and Safety Commission involving, on a
monthly basis, both the Company and the workers’ representatives for
health and safety. CCSL and Accordo Premio di Competitività Ferrari
cover 93.8 percent of Ferrari S.p.A. and Mugello Circuit S.p.A. employees.
OTHER WORKERS WORKING ON FERRARI SITES
at December 31,
Number of fatalities as result of work-related injuries — —
Number of fatalities in own workforce as result of work-related ill health71 — —
During 2025, no practice of Ferrari has caused or contributed to
significant adverse health and safety impacts on its workforce.
The metrics are monitored through our internal portal, including the
number of injuries, days of absence, and work-related illnesses for both
employees and non-employees. For other workers operating on Ferrari
sites, metrics are received only via email, as suppliers report incidents
directly. Worked hours are provided by the Human Resources function
through their portal. All data is consistent with the S1-14 AR 83 to AR 95.
284
GENDER PAY GAP
2025
Gross hourly pay Male Female Gender Pay Gap
Managers and Senior Managers €217.3 €197.8 9.0%
Middle Managers €58.2 €55.1 5.2%
White collars €35.0 €32.1 8.4%
Blue collars €22.3 €21.1 5.4%
Total €37.3 €36.5 2.2%
202472
Gross hourly pay Male Female Gender Pay Gap
Managers and Senior Managers €187.3 €192.3 (2.7%)
Middle Managers €57.2 €56.1 1.9%
White collars €35.2 €32.6 7.5%
Blue collars €22.5 €21.4 4.6%
Total €37.0 €37.4 (1.2%)
We are in compliance with both the Equal Salary and UNI/PdR 125
certifications, as per certifications methodology.
The methodology considers both the gross hourly pay level and the
gender pay gap outlined in the ESRS Directive’s guideline, ESRS S1-16,
AR 98. Additionally, the total number of working days, excluding national
holidays and weekends, and contractual working hours, were calculated
for each country.
ANNUAL TOTAL REMUNERATION RATIO
Annual total remuneration for the organization's highest paid-individual73 €10,900,114 €7,983,034
Median annual total remuneration for all of the organization's employees €53,620 €54,126
excluding the highest-paid individual
Annual total remuneration ratio74 203.3 147.5
In line with the ESRS standards, in 2025, the ratio of Contact Points for OECD Multinational Enterprises.
the annual total remuneration for the highest-paid In addition, there were no final judgments relating
individual to the median annual total remuneration to non-respect of the human rights principle and
for all employees, excluding the highest-paid indi- there were no significant fines and/or non-mone-
vidual, was 203.3. In 2025 the highest-paid individual tary sanctions.
was the CEO.
For further details on the internal pay ratios cal-
culated in line with the Dutch Corporate Governance
Code, please refer to the “Remuneration of
Directors—Remuneration of the Members of the
Board of Directors and the Executive Council—1.
Remuneration Strategy for the 2023 Financial Year—
Lock up period—Internal pay ratios” chapter.
In 2025, relating to our workforce, there were
no incidents of discrimination, no cases of severe
human rights incidents and no complaints about
violations of human rights emerged from National
285
S2 – WORKERS IN
THE VALUE CHAIN
INTERESTS AND VIEWS OF WORKERS IN THE VALUE CHAIN
STAKEHOLDERS MATERIAL IMPACTS, RISKS AND
OPPORTUNITIES
ESRS 2 SBM-2
ESRS 2 SBM-3
For more information about the interests, views, and
rights of Ferrari’s value chain workers please refer The material impacts, risks and opportunities reveal
to “G1—Business Conduct—Management of relation- our strategic sustainability priorities and contribute
ships with suppliers”, to “ESRS 2—General disclo- to adapting our strategy as shown in the columns
sures—Strategy, business model and value chain— “Sustainability strategy pillars” that identify how the
Interests and views of stakeholders” and the table impacts are connected to the Ferrari strategy. For
in “ESRS 2—General disclosures—Impacts, risks and more details on our sustainability strategy pillars
opportunities management”. and how sustainability topics are connected see the
table in “ESRS 2—General disclosure—Strategy, busi-
ness model and value chain”.
Material Impacts, Risks and Opportunities Nature Perimeter
Possible incidents of discrimination (including gender discrimination in Potential Negative Impact
remuneration) and/or abuse affecting life quality and work conditions for
workers in the value chain
Inadequate working conditions with serious physical and psychological Potential Negative Impact
consequences on workers' health in the value chain (e.g. violations of
fundamental rights, including excessive working hours, insufficient wages,
restrictions on freedom of association and difficulties in maintaining a
healthy work-life balance)
Possible violation of human rights along the value chain (e.g. right to freedom Potential Negative Impact
→ → of association and collective bargaining, child labor, forced or compulsory
labor also related to conflict minerals) with impacts on human dignity
Potential non-compliance by third parties (e.g., suppliers, dealers, sponsors Risk
etc.) with laws and regulations requirements regarding labor practices,
working conditions, and human rights of workers employed
→ → Upstream → → Own Operations → → Downstream
Ferrari’s value chain involves a diverse range of or ‘Conflict Minerals’) , Ferrari maps its supply chain to
entities and individuals across various sectors and gain awareness of the sourcing status of 3TG mate-
geographical locations. Alongside our own work- rials from potential conflict zones to avoid knowingly
force, workers within the value chain also play a fun- using conflict minerals that support or fund inhu-
damental role. mane treatment, including human trafficking, slav-
Upstream workers are part of the supply chain ery, forced labor, child labor, torture and war crimes.
that provides raw materials, components and ser- At the end of this monitoring, Ferrari prepares a Final
vices to Ferrari. They include metal and mineral Report to be submitted to the SEC. In cases where
extraction workers, involved in the extraction and high-risk suppliers are identified, the competent
refining of metals used in the production process, departments and the Management determine the
and workers engaged in the production of compo- measures to be adopted. At the end of each year, the
nents and materials. In particular, regarding supply results of the above-mentioned campaign are evalu-
chain workers engaged in the mining and processing ated by the competent department, in cases high-risk
of tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold (collectively, ‘3TG’ suppliers are identified, the Management determines
286
the measures to be adopted. Please refer to the “— HUMAN RIGHTS PRACTICE
Conflict minerals” section for more information.
Except for 3TG's workers in high-risk or conflict-af- In line with our Code of Conduct, we defined our
fected countries and based on the information Human Rights Practice that sets out key principles
available to us, we have not identified any geogra- such as the prohibition of child labor, compulsory
phies, countries, or commodity areas within the labor and forced labor, trafficking and serfdom, at-
Company’s value chain where there is a significant tention to a healthy and safe working environment,
risk of child labor, or forced or compulsory labor. rejection of any form of abuse, harassment and dis-
However, we gather information on business eth- crimination, zero tolerance concerning corruption
ics, environmental practices, human rights, work- and protection along the value chain. The Practice is
ing conditions and health and safety for workers applicable to the entire Ferrari Group and must be
in our supply chain through SAQ (Sustainability considered for health and safety matters. Although
Assessment Questionnaire) surveys provided by our value chain workers have not been directly en-
Drive Sustainability75. This process has primarily in- gaged, the Practice addresses all workers who
volved our Tier-1 suppliers and, in certain cases, ex- work for or on behalf of Ferrari, such as suppliers
tends to Tier-2 or Tier-3 suppliers. For further infor- and business partners across its upstream and
mation about this engagement activity, please refer downstream value chain.
to “G1—Business Conduct—Management of relation- The practice covers the following impacts and
ships with suppliers—Action related to Management risk: “Possible incidents of discrimination (includ-
of relationships with suppliers”. ing gender discrimination in remuneration) and/
Downstream workers include mostly dealers or abuse affecting life quality and work conditions
responsible for selling Ferrari cars and logistics for workers in the value chain”, “Possible violation
workers that manage the transportation and deliv- of human rights along the value chain (e.g. right to
ery of vehicles and parts. In addition, workers oper- freedom of association and collective bargaining,
ating on our sites that are not part of our own work- child labor, forced or compulsory labor also related
force (i.e. temporary workers) include consultants, to conflict minerals) with impacts on human dignity”,
and employees of cleaning and temporary building “Inadequate working conditions with serious phys-
maintenance companies. Furthermore, as workers ical and psychological consequences on workers'
in the downstream value chain, some of them are the health in the value chain (e.g. violations of funda-
ones involved in the joint venture we collaborate with. mental rights, including excessive working hours,
Currently, we do not have detailed information on insufficient wages, restrictions on freedom of asso-
the presence of value chain workers who could be ciation and difficulties in maintaining a healthy work-
particularly vulnerable to the negative impacts identi- life balance)” and “Potential non-compliance by third
fied through the Double materiality analysis because parties (e.g., suppliers, dealers, sponsors etc.) with
of their inherent characteristics or life’s context. laws and regulations requirements regarding labor
practices, working conditions, and human rights of
workers employed”.
POLICIES RELATED TO WORKERS IN For more information about the practice, please
THE VALUE CHAIN refer to “S1—Own workforce—Policies related to
Own workforce—Human Rights Practice”.
ESRS 2 MDR-P, S2-1
ENGAGING VALUE CHAIN WORKERS
CODE OF CONDUCT
S2-2
We encourage the adoption and sharing of sustain-
able practices among our business partners, sup- Our current practice does not entail the direct in-
pliers and dealers. All suppliers must respect the volvement of value chain workers or their represen-
Ferrari Code of Conduct, which includes the set of tatives in the assessment of impacts, both actual and
values recognized, adhered to and promoted by our potential, that might affect them. Instead, we focus on
Company. In line with our impacts, opportunities and the interaction and dialogue with the representatives
risks, the Code of Conduct was updated in 2023 to of the companies for which these workers work.
include specific guidelines relating to the respect of
human rights, environmental protection, ethical and
integrity principles, with consideration also given to
the value chain.
As indicated in “G1—Business Conduct—Business
conduct policies and corporate culture—Code of
Conduct”, this also extends to all suppliers, dealers,
advisors and agents of Ferrari, as there is no specific
Code for them.
287
ADDRESSING NEGATIVE IMPACTS we have not developed concrete strategies to
AND VALUE CHAIN WORKER exploit opportunities that may arise in relation to the
CONCERNS management of labor rights and working conditions
within the value chain. However, we recognize the
importance of taking a proactive approach in this
S2-3 area and are actively working to structure our due
diligence process with the aim of developing a stra-
Regarding the ethics violations reporting chan- tegic framework for action.
nels made available by Ferrari, as specified in the The Drive Sustainability questionnaire and the
“G1—Business Conduct—Business conduct policies Compliance Evaluation are preliminary activities for
and corporate culture—Whistleblowing”, our official a more structured ESG Due Diligence activity also
Ethics Helpline also allows workers in the value chain aimed at preventing the above-mentioned potential
to report violations of the Code of Conduct, including negative impacts on workers along the value chain.
potential human right concerns. While this mecha- Before entering in any form of commercial col-
nism is accessible to value chain workers, Ferrari ac- laboration with a supplier, we undertake a thorough
knowledges that it has not yet implemented a formal assessment through the Compliance Evaluation
process to assess whether value chain workers are process, which allows us to analyze the supplier
aware of this channel even if it is publicly available on from multiple angles, ensuring that it meets high
Ferrari corporate website. Ferrari aims to protect ethical and legal standards. The main areas of anal-
its individuals who use its reporting channels and is ysis include anti-corruption, trade sanctions, money
reviewing its policies to ensure safeguards against laundering, conflict of interest, ethics (including
retaliation are clearly communicated and enforced. human rights) and reputation.
Where relevant, disclosures made under “G1— On the other hand, the Drive Sustainability
Business Conduct—Business conduct policies and Questionnaire is mainly intended for those with whom
corporate culture—Whistleblowing” may provide ad- a contract is already in place. Through the latter we
ditional context on whistleblowing protections. request suppliers to provide detailed information
Currently, we do not have formalized processes regarding their social and environmental practices.
to systematically address potential negative mate- In this questionnaire, we request general information
rial impacts that could affect workers in our supply regarding their code of ethics, implemented human
chain. However, in daily practice, Ferrari aims to rights policies and the existence of complaint mech-
take proactive measures when it becomes aware of anisms or formal complaint handling procedures. In
a possible involvement in situations of human rights addition, we ask for specific information on workers’
violations associated with workers in our supply health and safety to ensure that the highest standards
chain. In such cases, our Company proceeds with are met. In addition to social aspects, the questionnaire
a direct approach, contacting the supplier involved also includes questions on environmental issues. In
to initiate a constructive dialogue. This exchange is particular, we examine the responsible sourcing of
aimed at obtaining clarification and detailed infor- raw materials and the sustainable management of
mation on the specific circumstances. This not the entire value chain. This holistic approach allows
only allows us to better understand the situation, us not only to assess the current practices of our sup-
but also to work together with the supplier to find pliers, but also to promote a collective commitment
appropriate solutions and ensure decent working to sustainability and social responsibility within our
conditions for all workers. supply chain. Furthermore, this approach enables
us to mitigate the risk “Potential non-compliance by
third parties (e.g., suppliers, dealers, sponsors etc.)
ACTIONS RELATED TO WORKERS IN with laws and regulations requirements regard-
THE VALUE CHAIN ing labor practices, working conditions, and human
rights of workers employed”. For more information
on the Drive Sustainability Questionnaire and the
ESRS 2 MDR-A, S2-4 Compliance Evaluation, please refer to “G1—Business
Conduct—Management of relationships with suppli-
We are in the process of structuring an ESG Due ers—Action related to Management of relationships
Diligence activity on our suppliers, with the aim of iden- with suppliers”.
tifying, assessing and addressing material impacts, In 2025, pursuing our aim of structuring ESG due
risks, and opportunities related to workers across the diligence activities, we continued the risk assessment
value chain. Although a formal action plan is not yet fi- process that covers both internal aspects of our
nalized, Ferrari acknowledges the importance of this organization and employee-related aspects along the
initiative and is actively working to develop a strategic entire value chain. This initiative was motivated by the
framework that will guide future actions. emerging need to comply with new regulations, such
At present, we have yet to implement systematic as the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive
measures to identify, assess and mitigate risks that (CSDDD), which requires companies to assess and
may jeopardize the well-being of workers involved in manage human rights and environmental risks along
the different stages of our value chain. Furthermore, the entire value chain. To reinforce the commitment
288
to structuring ESG due diligence activities, Ferrari In particular, Ferrari has developed actions and
joined Supply Chain Mapping pilot project promoted strategies aimed at complying with the applicable
by Drive Sustainability and Drive+ in 2025, which Conflict Minerals national and international rules and
aims to assess effectiveness and pain points related regulations, such as by way of example Section 1502
to Supply Chain Mapping initiatives. The tool enables of the Dodd-Frank Act and the subsequent rules
each Tier-1 supplier to map and integrate their tier-n promulgated by the U.S. SEC, requiring companies
suppliers, thereby structuring the due diligence pro- to determine whether 3TG or any Conflict Minerals
cess through cross-sector collaboration. Through (as defined in the applicable law) in their supply chain
this process, we aim to strengthen our sustainable originated in the Democratic Republic of Congo or
governance, and contribute to long-term responsible an adjoining country, or came from recycled or
and sustainable development, to align with the latest scrapped sources, and whether the procurement of
regulatory and social expectations. The value chain those minerals benefited any armed groups.
risk assessment will provide us with an opportunity Due to the complexity of our supply chain, we
to improve our practices and create shared value. are dependent upon suppliers to provide the infor-
Based on the findings, we will evaluate actions to mation necessary to correctly identify the smelters
address risks related to workers in our value chain. and refiners that produce the 3TG contained in our
The actions described above are the starting point of products and take appropriate action to determine
a structured ESG due diligence activity, which will be that these smelters and refiners source responsibly.
extended to all suppliers in the coming years. In accordance with the Organization for Economic
In 2025, to further reinforce the importance of Co-operation and Development Due Diligence
health and safety across our value chain, Ferrari Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals
introduced a dedicated initiative, called “Induction from Conflict- Affected and High-Risk Areas. Third
Cantiere Ferrari”, for suppliers working on major edition, and related Supplements on Tin, Tantalum
construction sites, provided both in English and in and Tungsten and on Gold (collectively, the “OECD
the native languages of suppliers. The program con- Guidance”), we have established an internal man-
sists of a one-hour training session delivered in addi- agement system in relation to the supply of Conflict
tion to the standard Health & Safety training. During Minerals with the objective, inter alia, of:
the session, Ferrari’s Safety Coordinator explains
what it means to operate within a Ferrari construc- 1. minimizing the trade in Conflict Minerals that
tion site, underlining the importance of strict safety directly or indirectly finance or benefit armed
standards. The program addresses a wide range groups anywhere in the world;
of roles, from programmers to manual workers, 2. enabling legitimate minerals from conflict and
ensuring that all participants clearly understand the high-risk regions to enter Ferrari’s global supply
conditions and requirements to be respected on chain, thereby supporting the economies and
site. This initiative will continue in the coming years the local communities that depend on the export
to cover all major construction projects, reinforc- of such minerals.
ing Ferrari’s commitment to safety and aiming for
a responsible supplier engagement. Operational or Among other things, we request our suppliers to
capital expenditures have been allocated for this adopt a policy to reasonably assure that the 3TG in
action in 2025; however, the amounts are below the their products do not directly or indirectly finance
established significance threshold. or benefit armed groups in the Covered Countries.
Moreover, we require all of our 3TG suppliers to
CONFLICT MINERALS conduct due diligence and provide us with adequate
information on the country of origin and source of
Ferrari supports the goal of preventing the exploita- the materials used in the products they supply to
tion of minerals violating human rights, with specific us. The activity involves various supplier categories,
reference to tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold (collec- including direct material suppliers for both Sports
tively, “3TG” or “Conflict Minerals”) originated from Cars and Racing, Lifestyle suppliers whose products
high-risk or conflict affected countries (“Covered are sold through Ferrari Stores, indirect suppliers
Countries”), that may be included in our cars and/ providing items sent to customers between vehicle
or products. As part of Ferrari’s aim to respect and orders and final shipping (such as key holder gifts
promote human rights and the sustainability of its or 1:43 car models), and spare parts business sup-
operations, Ferrari selects suppliers based not only pliers whose products are purchased and resold to
on the quality and competitiveness of their products customers. Ferrari conducts due diligence on the
and services, but also on their adherence to social, source and chain of custody of the 3TG necessary
ethical and environmental principles, as outlined in for our products once a year, starting in the month
Ferrari’s Code of Conduct. of December of the covered year and concluding
Therefore, we place a high priority on respon- the activity within the month of May of the following
sible sourcing and the integrity of our suppliers, year to analyze the collected information. With refer-
and we strive to ensure that our supply chain is not ence to 2024, 95.46 percent of Ferrari’s suppliers by
involved in any harm to the livelihoods of individuals annual purchased value submitted responses to our
in Covered Countries. survey, in 2023 the response rate was 95.73 percent.
289
The design of Ferrari’s conflict minerals program
is consistent with the OECD Guidance. In addition,
Ferrari uses the tools and programs developed by
the Conflict-Free Sourcing Initiative (“CFSI”), and in-
dustry initiative that audits smelters and refiners’
due diligence activities, including in particular the
Conflict Minerals Reporting Template (“CMRT”) and
the Conflict Free Smelter Program (“CFSP”). We
strive to increase the coverage of our analysis and
the response rate through targeted actions. No sig-
nificant operational or capital expenditures have
been allocated to this action in 2025.
In 2025, to the best of our knowledge there were
no severe human rights issues or incidents, nor any
cases of non-respect of the human rights principle
embodied into the internationally recognized stan-
dards mentioned in “S1—Own Workforce—Policies
related to Own Workforce—Human Rights Practice”
paragraph, among value chain workers.
TARGETS RELATED TO WORKERS IN
THE VALUE CHAIN
ESRS 2 MDR-T, S2-5
Currently, we have not defined specific targets for
workers within our value chain. To ensure a high
standard of ethics and behavior, we require all third
parties that wish to collaborate with us to sign the
Statement of Commitment, an annex of our con-
tract, to comply with the Code of Conduct and the
Organizational Model established by Legislative
Decree no. 231/2001. For more information on this
document please refer to “G1—Business Conduct—
Management of relationships with suppliers—Action
related to Management of relationships with sup-
pliers”. Furthermore, Ferrari uses specific tools
to monitor and stay informed about its suppliers.
These tools allow for a thorough screening of all
available online news regarding environmental, so-
cial and governance (ESG) issues. This process not
only ensures greater transparency, but also enables
Ferrari to make more informed decisions, reinforc-
ing our strive for social responsibility and ethical
conduct within the supplier network.
291
S3 – AFFECTED
COMMUNITIES
Our goal is to create and share long-term value with INTERESTS AND VIEWS OF
our stakeholders. Community engagement and in- STAKEHOLDERS
volvement with the local territory are essential to us,
particularly in Maranello and Modena, where all our
cars are manufactured. ESRS 2 SBM-2
To keep the spirit of Ferrari and the story of our
founder Enzo Ferrari alive, two different museums For more information on interests, views, and rights
have been established, attracting thousands of visi- of our affected communities please refer to “ESRS
tors from all over the world every year continuously 2—General disclosures—Strategy, business model
benefiting the local community. and value chain—Interests and views of stakehold-
We are aware of our responsibility towards the ers” and the table in “ESRS 2—General disclosures—
community and our efforts are directed to support Impacts, risks and opportunities management”.
its development, mainly through collaborations with
local universities and schools and thanks to the
industry network in the Emilia-Romagna region. We AFFECTED COMMUNITIES
believe that promoting the education of young tal- MATERIAL IMPACTS, RISKS AND
ents is an essential step to reinforce the connection OPPORTUNITIES
with local communities. Developing talented and bril-
liant engineers with a specific academic background
focused on emerging technologies in the automotive ESRS 2 SBM-3
industry, and in particular innovative solutions for
state-of-the-art performance in luxury sports cars Ferrari communities extend beyond the students
and racing cars, is essential for the Group to seize and professors of universities in Emilia-Romagna
future opportunities. and technical schools in the municipalities where
our plants are located, to also include people who
live and contribute to the vitality of the surrounding
local areas. Regarding local communities along the
value chain, impacts have emerged as not relevant.
During double materiality assessment, the entire affected communities
of the Ferrari Group have been included in the scope, as well as the entire
disclosure under ESRS 2. Affected communities are mainly those located
near the production plants, and their impacts, risks and opportunities
are listed below.
Material Impacts, Risks and Opportunities Nature Perimeter
Support community education through general and technical programs Actual Positive Impact
Impact on the community (e.g. Maranello) wealth thanks to the employment (e.g. Actual Positive Impact
job opportunities for local students, financial stability of employees)
Improved reputation and acquisition of new skills/expertises through stronger Opportunity
relationships with local communities and wealth generation (e.g. collaboration
with schools and universities, local job creation, support for small local
businesses)
→ → Upstream → → Own Operations → → Downstream
292
The material IROs reveal our strategic sustainability HUMAN RIGHTS PRACTICE
priorities and contribute to adapting our strategy:
the columns “Sustainability strategy pillars” in the Ferrari recognizes that its operations can gen-
table “ESRS 2—General disclosure—Double materi- erate significant impact on its local communities
ality assessment methodology” identifies how the in which it has its plants. As it is stated within its
impacts are connected to the Ferrari strategy and Human Rights Practice, Ferrari’s aim is to respect,
business model. protect and promote human rights and as far as
The positive impacts are linked to supporting local communities are concerned, it strives to re-
community through educational programs and to spect their rights and contribute to their realization
contributing to local wealth by fostering employ- and development. In particular, the Human Rights
ment and financial stability. Please refer to follow- Practice sets out key principles, such as the prohi-
ing “—Actions related to Affected Communities” for bition of child labor, compulsory and forced labor,
more details. human trafficking, and serfdom. It also emphasiz-
Opportunities arising from impacts and depen- es a healthy and safe working environment, rejects
dencies on affected communities are related to all forms of abuse, harassment, and discrimination,
communities of Ferrari S.p.A. and are listed in the and enforces zero tolerance for corruption among
table in “ESRS 2—General disclosure—Double mate- Ferrari stakeholders, as well as within society and
riality assessment methodology”. Additionally, there local communities.
are no negative impacts on affected communities Although local communities have not been
with particular characteristics, those at greater risk directly engaged the addressees of the Human
of harm or those living in particular contexts. Rights Practice are not only directors and employ-
ees but also other Ferrari’s external stakeholders.
As for all other addresses, in the event of human
POLICIES RELATED TO AFFECTED rights violations, the Ferrari Group encourages
COMMUNITIES members of local communities to report them
through dedicated whistleblowing channels and
takes all reasonable actions to remedy human rights
ESRS 2 MDR-P, S3-1 impacts. For additional information, please refer to
“G1—Business Conduct—Business conduct policies
In line with our values, our impacts, risks and oppor- and corporate culture—Whistleblowing”.
tunities, we seek to play a key role in supporting the In 2025, to the best of our knowledge there were
communities within which we operate, with a view no severe human rights issues or incidents, nor any
to shared growth. For this reason, according to our cases of non-respect of the human rights principle
Code of Conduct, we engage in constant and trans- embodied into the internationally recognized stan-
parent dialogue with communities and the main lo- dards mentioned in “S1—Own Workforce—Policies
cal stakeholders involved directly or indirectly in our related to Own Workforce—Human Rights Practice”,
activities and in the development of social initiatives. among affected communities.
The practice covers the following impacts and op- For additional information on the Human Rights
portunity: “Support community education through Practice’s contents please refer to the “S1—Own
general and technical programs”, “Impact on the Workforce—Policies related to Own Workforce—
community (e.g. Maranello) wealth thanks to the em- Human Rights Practice”.
ployment (e.g. job opportunities for local students,
financial stability of employees)” and “Improved
reputation and acquisition of new skills/expertises ENGAGING AFFECTED COMMUNITIES
through stronger relationships with local commu-
nities and wealth generation (e.g. collaboration with
schools and universities, local job creation, support S3-2
for small local businesses)”.
Ferrari is firmly dedicated to respecting the We aim to promote education within the local com-
rights of local communities and to promoting inde- munity at the high school level by establishing long-
pendent, lasting, and sustainable local growth. In term relationships with schools and education in-
accordance with the Code of Conduct, our support stitutions of all levels in Maranello and neighboring
to a range of associations and local authorities is evi- towns. The main collaborations include participat-
dence of our commitment to this area. ing in orientation committees, establishing “school-
For a detailed description of key contents refer work” projects for students, bringing the testimony
to the Code of Conduct, please refer to “G1—Business of Ferrari technicians in classrooms and donating
Conduct—Business conduct policies and corporate Ferrari equipment. The aim of these initiatives is to
culture—Code of Conduct”. support schools in providing the new generations
with the skills and tools needed to meet the rapid
technological changes taking place in society.
Community engagement takes place through
technical committees composed of representa-
293
tives of technical institutes or universities, among which includes references to the Whistleblowing
which school directors and teachers in charge of procedure and the Ethics Helpline for reporting con-
such courses. The topics included in the different cerns. As of the date of publication of this Report, the
course curricula are discussed with Ferrari repre- Ethics Helpline has not been officially communicated
sentatives, with the purpose of providing students to the affected communities even if it is publicly
with the skills needed for their future careers and reachable from Ferrari corporate website.
to support Company's innovation and development. In 2025, no negative impacts on affected commu-
Ferrari’s representatives are members among oth- nities emerged. Nevertheless, Ferrari has adopted a
ers of the Human Resources department, and they whistleblowing channel for raising concerns avail-
report to the Chief Human Resources Officer, who able even for affected communities. For that reason,
is the most senior role that has the responsibility S3-3 29 is not applicable.
for ensuring the engagement happens and that the
results inform Ferrari’s approach on education.
The frequency of the committee’s meetings varies ACTIONS RELATED TO AFFECTED
depending on both the level of education (i.e. at least COMMUNITIES
three times a year with universities and annually with
technical institutes) and on the status of projects (i.e.
in the case of new courses being planned, the com- ESRS 2 MDR-A, S3-4
mittee will be convened more frequently compared
to long-lasting activities).
These engagement activities can be considered EDUCATION
effective given that this cooperation has been ongo-
ing for many years. Ferrari places a strong emphasis on education as a
Ferrari is a partner of the Motor Valley University way to foster knowledge, inclusion, and opportuni-
of Emilia-Romagna, an association which was ties for future generations within the local commu-
strongly advocated by the Emilia-Romagna region. nity and beyond. The Company’s commitment trans-
Ferrari, as a member of its steering committee, col- lates into two main areas of action:
laborates in advancing educational initiatives aiming
for inclusivity in STEM fields and motorsports. These Dedicated innovative learning projects to sup-
initiatives aim to examine the Italian context, through port the community, such as the Interactive
the engagement of students from different back- Classroom and the e.DO Learning Center, which
grounds, nationalities, gender or religion with the bring innovative and immersive approaches to
objective of breaking common biases towards engi- schools and STEM Racing;
neering and technical professions and overcome Partnerships with higher institutes and universi-
barriers to inclusivity in their studies and future ties, including the Istituto di Istruzione Superiore
careers. To gain insight, Ferrari conducts surveys, A. Ferrari, ITS Maker, and Motor Valley University
focus groups and interviews with students. This of Emilia-Romagna, where Ferrari contributes to
engagement helps to understand their unique chal- shaping new technical and engineering skills.
lenges and needs. Additionally, the committee con-
ducts research to explore the reasons behind gaps The first of the innovative learning laboratories is
and lack of opportunities, particularly for students an Interactive Classroom installed in 2024 at a local
pursuing STEM and motorsports careers. elementary school, located in Formigine (close to
The rights of indigenous people are not applica- Maranello). This project is a new, immersive, and in-
ble, given the nature of our operational activities. clusive learning environment where boys and girls
become the protagonists of their educational ad-
ventures. With the touch of a finger, they can travel
ADDRESSING NEGATIVE IMPACTS through time and discover distant places. All the con-
AND AFFECTED COMMUNITIES tents, stimulating and interactive, suitable for every
CONCERNS level of learning, from preschool to primary school.
Thanks to the success of the initiative, in 2025 we
supported the introduction of a new teaching meth-
S3-3 odology called “Innovamat”, designed to foster inno-
vative learning environments and enhance math-
Affected communities can raise their concerns or ematics education. We expect that around twenty
needs through the Ethics Helpline, available on our classes in the school will have had the opportunity
corporate website. The Whistleblowing procedure to use and learn through this interactive classroom.
protects the whistleblower against retaliation. For Starting from 2024, this project delivered 500 im-
additional information, please refer to “G1—Business mersive experiences engaging students across all
Conduct—Business conduct policies and corporate grade levels. To verify the level of satisfaction we
culture—Whistleblowing”. perform periodical reports tracked by the internal
In specific business relationship cases, Ferrari classroom system. Since the Interactive Classroom
requires the acceptance of the Code of Conduct initiative was only recently implemented, measur-
294
able outcomes are not yet available. No significant new educational materials for all students. For this
operational or capital expenditures have been allo- reason, we monitor the effectiveness of this action
cated to this action in 2025. using different KPIs, such as the employment rate of
We also continue our work with the e.DO graduates, the percentage of workers with perma-
Learning Center, an innovative educational project nent contracts, and the proportion of students who
born in 2022 from the synergy between Ferrari and continue their academic paths. No significant opera-
the local area. The project was developed within a tional or capital expenditures have been allocated to
laboratory at the IIS Fermo Corni in Modena, which this action in 2025.
has been completely refurnished and equipped with We have established collaborations with leading
new technology and furniture thanks to the support universities worldwide that include the possibility
from Ferrari. This space, dedicated to students start- for students to develop bachelor and doctoral the-
ing from the age of 8 up to university level, offers the ses as well as other research projects.
opportunity to learn about artificial intelligence and Since 2017, Ferrari has been a partner of the
new technologies through games, for the younger Motor Valley University of Emilia-Romagna (MUNER),
users, and through exercises, for the older ones. The an association strongly advocated by the Emilia-
laboratory is equipped with 5 e.DO robots, with mod- Romagna region. The Motor Valley University was
ular and multi-axis mechanical arms with integrated created thanks to a synergistic connection between
open-source intelligence, developed by the com- the universities of Modena and Reggio Emilia,
pany Comau. Since the debut of the project, more Bologna, Ferrara and Parma along with car compa-
than 12 thousand students have attended lessons nies that represent the excellence of Italian brands in
in the laboratory. In recent years, the program has racing and fast cars, which include Ferrari. Thanks to
been refined, alongside the ongoing maintenance existing partners and those who join every year, the
of the robots. Given the success of this project, we opportunity to access new automotive knowledge
could expand it to other schools. To verify the level and skills continues to increase. Together with the
of satisfaction we conducted a survey among all stu- ongoing commitment of existing partners, Ferrari
dents that participated in the activity. Since the e.DO looks forward to further strengthening this part-
Learning initiative was only recently implemented, nership in the future. The Motor Valley University of
measurable outcomes are not yet available. No sig- Emilia-Romagna hub aims to attract the best univer-
nificant operational or capital expenditures have sity students from all over the world, with the goal of
been allocated to this action in 2025. training and introducing the engineers of tomorrow
Through our collaboration with higher institutes into the corporate world.
and universities, Ferrari helps create an ecosystem The educational offer includes the following
that fosters innovation and development, preparing Master’s Degree programs, whose design and
the next generation of technicians and engineers implementation saw the active participation of
for future challenges and generating a significant Ferrari: Advanced Automotive Engineering (AAE),
impact on the local economy. Electronic Engineering for Intelligent Vehicles (EEIV)
The first of Ferrari’s key partnerships with and Electronic Vehicle Engineering (EVE). The course
schools is with the Istituto Superiore A. Ferrari, program of the latter is entirely devoted to electric
located in the heart of the Motor Valley. Founded vehicles and aims at forging new professionals with
at the will of Enzo Ferrari in the early 60s, the insti- a comprehensive view of all the phases and pro-
tute remains a point of reference for training in the cesses of the development of an electric vehicle.
mechanical and automotive sectors, with a growing In 2025, we continued collaborating with partners
focus on alternative energies, zero-emission proto- to review Motor Valley University training offering,
types, and innovative, hands-on teaching methods. updating the syllabus and the course content of
Its graduates boast high employment rates, proving some programs based on the results of a dedicated
the institute’s ability to meet the needs of both the assessment and on the technological development
labor market and the local community. required by the market.
Since 2013, Ferrari has been a partner of “ITS In all these courses, the partners of the initiative
Maker”, the Emilia-Romagna Higher Institute of participate in educational activities by teaching and
Mechanics, Mechatronics, Motor and Packaging. The co-teaching courses, seminars and laboratories and
project aims to deliver two-year courses to provide by inviting students to visit the production plants.
the most in-demand technical skills in a practical This partnership opens up the opportunity for the
way, thanks to an internship that takes up 40 percent most talented and motivated students to take part in
of the total course hours. Additionally, the Company internship programs with the companies involved.
is involved in courses on electronic systems, pow- In particular, the course Vehicle Conceptual Design
ertrains, materials and composites, and every year (VCD) of the AAE and EVE programs, is entirely taught
hosts approximately 20 ITS Maker students in the by Ferrari Maestri, covering more than 20 lectures.
Sports Cars and Scuderia departments, providing In 2025, the number of enrollments in the three mas-
them with the opportunity to apply their technical ter’s degree programs remained in line with pre-
skills in a practical way. Compared to the previous vious years, with about 20 percent of the students
year, Ferrari continues to support the project by coming from foreign countries. Since the founda-
helping to renovate one laboratory and provide tion of Motor Valley University, Ferrari has offered
295
various internship opportunities to over 98 students heart of the Ferrari legend, the FERRARI ARCHIVE
and hired around 57, directly upon graduation. In the emerges as a treasure trove of memories, a silent
coming years, we plan to further enhance the course guardian that holds the indelible traces of the past
offerings and expand them where necessary. and reveals in an unprecedented way the creative
Ferrari, through strategic educational partner- process that has given birth to unparalleled automo-
ships such as the Motor Valley University of Emilia- tive masterpieces.
Romagna hub, contributes to create opportunities
for the economic well-being of the area. The Motor
Valley University, in fact, not only attracts the best TARGET RELATED TO AFFECTED
university students from all over the world but also COMMUNITIES
acts as a gateway between academia and industry,
training the engineers of the future and fostering
their entry into the local job scene. In this way, Ferrari ESRS 2 MDR-T, S3-5
contributes to the growth of the community by fos-
tering innovation and supporting the development We are strongly dedicated to actions and initiatives
of highly specialized skills that are essential to the that have a positive impact on the affected commu-
region’s economic and technological progress. No nities, even though no specific targets have been set.
significant operational or capital expenditures have Every initiative promoted is constantly monitored
been allocated to this action in 2025. and measured for its impact on affected commu-
Ferrari also supports a variety of additional edu- nities through qualitative indicators, with the effec-
cational initiatives for the local community. These tiveness of each action assessed and described in
include: “STEM Racing” (known in the previous years' earlier sections.
editions as “F1 in Schools”), an international competi-
tion for students hosted in 2025 at the Fiorano Circuit
plant, with Ferrari as partner.
Furthermore, in 2025, Ferrari Group promoted
educational and charity activities around the world
for their local communities, in collaboration with dif-
ferent partners.
In collaboration with Fondazione Agnelli, the
Municipality of Maranello, the Province of Modena,
and the Emilia-Romagna Region, Ferrari will support
the M-TECH Alfredo Ferrari project. This pioneering
educational hub, scheduled to open in 2029, will cul-
tivate a new generation of engineers, technicians,
and innovators from around the globe, advancing
the entire automotive sector.
COMMUNITY VALUE CREATION
FERRARI MUSEUM MARANELLO & MUSEO
ENZO FERRARI (MEF)
The Ferrari Museum Maranello invites visitors to ex-
perience the Prancing Horse dream first-hand, of-
fering them a journey through the Group’s history,
values and automotive world.
The Museo Enzo Ferrari (MEF) is built around the
house in which Enzo Ferrari was born in 1898. The
MEF tells the story of Enzo Ferrari as a young boy dis-
covering the irresistible allure of the world of motor
racing, his career as a driver in 1920s, as the driving
force behind the Scuderia Ferrari in the 1930s, and
then as Ferrari, the Constructor, from 1947 onwards.
In 2025, the Ferrari Museum Maranello and the
MEF welcomed more than 890,000 visitors, contrib-
uting to the local economy and positively impacting
the wealth generation of the local community.
In 2025, the main exhibition was: “SUPERCARS”,
an interactive journey to discover Ferrari Supercars
and their secrets kept in Maranello archives. At the
296
S4 – CONSUMERS
AND END-USERS
INTERESTS AND VIEWS OF CONSUMERS AND END-USERS
STAKEHOLDERS MATERIAL IMPACTS, RISKS AND
OPPORTUNITIES
ESRS 2 SBM-2
ESRS 2 SBM-3
For more information on interests, views, and rights
of our clients please refer to “ESRS 2—General disclo- In this Sustainability Statement, we refer to consum-
sures—Strategy, business model and value chain— ers and end-users as clients.
Interests and views of stakeholders” and the table During the double materiality assessment, the
in “ESRS 2—General disclosures—Impacts, risks and entirety of Ferrari’s consumers and end-users
opportunities management”. have been included in the scope of the disclosure
under ESRS 2. Considering our range of clients,
the compliance with the GDPR and applicable laws,
the services and products offered, no consumer
is clustered as “vulnerable” or at greater risk of
harm. Consumers and end users’ impacts, risks and
opportunities are listed below.
Material Impacts, Risks and Opportunities Nature Perimeter
Reduced level of vehicle safety and quality with consequent increased Potential Negative Impact
→ → risks for clients
Reduced customer satisfaction/experience, limited customer choice Potential Negative Impact
and/or safety risks in the event of lack of access to information or in
the event of access to partial or misleading information
Willful and/or unintentional security breaches involving confidential business Potential Negative Impact
information or clients personal data with potential damage to them resulting
from the unlawful use of such information
Fast paced and uncertain laws and technical regulations proliferation: Risk
Regulatory tightening on safety (e.g., system, speed limits, autonomous
drive / ADAS), noise (i.e., limits on dB emitted) and software update (e.g. R156),
enhanced by societal pressures and uncertain in timing/type
of future approval constraints
→ → Upstream → → Own Operations → → Downstream
According to the double materiality assessment’s impacts are connected to the Ferrari strategy and
results, no positive impact related to Consumers business model.
and end-users emerged as relevant and all material Vehicle quality and safety are among our top
negative impacts on social topics are related to in- priorities and Ferrari cars are always designed and
dividual incidents. As far as risks and opportunities manufactured with the safety of our clients and
are concerned, the ones arising from impacts and other road users in mind. We sell cars together with a
dependencies on consumers and end-users relate scheduled program of recommended maintenance
to every Ferrari consumer and end-user. services to ensure that vehicles are maintained to
The material IROs reveal our strategic sustain- the highest standards to meet our strict require-
ability priorities and contribute to adapting our strat- ments for performance and safety.
egy: the column “Sustainability strategy pillars” in the Our clients are the backbone of our business
table “ESRS 2—General disclosure—Double materi- together with our brand and our technology. In addi-
ality assessment methodology” identifies how the tion, and according to our Code of Conduct, rep-
297
utation is one of Ferrari’s most significant assets. VEHICLE QUALITY AND SAFETY POLICIES
Therefore, all our actions, inside and outside the
Company, must be guided by transparency and Our products and services are designed and man-
fairness. Our clients have access to accurate and ufactured, as far as reasonably foreseeable, not
accessible product-related information, to avoid the to compromise health, safety and physical integ-
potentially harmful misuse of products. rity of customers, in accordance with our Human
Moreover, we regard the protection of personal Rights Practice.
data as a top priority of our organization. We respect According to the impacts, risks and opportu-
the privacy rights of our clients and stakeholders nities identified, our integrated quality, safety and
and aim to process the data and information they environment policy outlines our ambition to contin-
provide in a legitimate, fair, and transparent manner, uously improve products and processes which may
in full compliance with applicable legislation. impact quality, workers’ safety, the environment
No risks or opportunities arising from impacts and related management systems, also through
and dependencies on consumers and end-users digitalization and the adoption of the best available
have been identified as material. No positive impacts technologies. The practice covers the following
have been identified either. Please refer to the table impact and risk: “Reduced level of vehicle safety and
in “ESRS 2— General disclosure—Double materiality quality with consequent increased risks for clients”
assessment methodology” for more details. and “Fast paced and uncertain laws and technical
regulations proliferation: Regulatory tightening
on safety (e.g., system, speed limits, autonomous
POLICIES RELATED TO CONSUMERS drive / ADAS), noise (i.e., limits on dB emitted) and
AND END-USERS software update (e.g. R156), enhanced by societal
pressures and uncertain in timing/type of future
approval constraints”.
ESRS 2 MDR-P, S4-1 We strive to consolidate relationships with
our strategic partners, to strengthen our supply
chain, and to collaborate to satisfy both customer
HUMAN RIGHTS PRACTICE and stakeholder expectations. In addition, we align
the development and control over our cars and
In line with our impacts, risks and opportunities production processes with up-to-date regula-
(please refer to chapter “ESRS 2—General disclo- tory requirements. Our integrated quality, safety
sures—Impacts, risks and opportunities manage- and environment policy has been defined within
ment” for further details) the Human Rights Practice the implementations and renewals of the ISO
states the respect, protection and promotion of hu- 9001:2015, ISO 45001:2018 and ISO 14001:2015
man rights towards consumers and end-users as standards. These certifications cover our pro-
well as in any context in which we operate, including duction facilities in Maranello e Modena plants and
health and safety matters. The practice covers the the Mugello racing circuit in Scarperia. In addition,
following impacts: “Reduced level of vehicle safety ISO 14001:2015 covers Fiorano Circuit and ISO
and quality with consequent increased risks for cli- 45001:2018 covers museums and italian Lifestyle
ents”; “Willful and/or unintentional security breach- offices in Milano and stores. As part of the renewal
es involving confidential business information or process, audits were conducted annually cover-
clients personal data with potential damage to them ing quality, environmental, and safety aspects. The
resulting from the unlawful use of such information” attention to quality aims to guarantee strategic plan-
and “Reduced customer satisfaction/experience, ning, design, development, production, sales and
limited customer choice and/or safety risks in the after-sales service objectives of our sports cars.
event of lack of access to information or in the event For more details on ISO 45001 refer to “S1—Own
of access to partial or misleading information”. Workforce—Actions related to Own Workforce—
Regarding consumers and end users, in line with Health and Safety policy” and on ISO 14001 refer to
the Human Rights Practice, we also aim to ensure “E5—Resource Use and Circular Economy—Policies
that our products and services do not compromise related to Resource Use and Circular Economy—
the health, safety and physical integrity of our cus- Environmental Practice”.
tomers, as far as reasonably foreseeable. The integrated quality, safety and environment
Although our consumers and end-users have not policy is applicable to the Ferrari S.p.A and Mugello
been directly engaged, the addressees of the Human Circuit S.p.A. The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) is the
Rights Practice are all of Ferrari’s stakeholders. most senior level accountable for the implementa-
For more information about the Human Rights tion of the policy, considering the interest of clients
Practice, please refer to “S1—Own Workforce— and suppliers. Ferrari’s employees have access to
Policies related to Own Workforce—Human Rights the integrated policy on Ferrari intranet together
Practice”. with all necessary procedures to ensure the highest
level of product safety.
298
Through our Code of Conduct and Human Rights est level of care and services. This data is processed
Practice, we aim to ensure that our products and with confidentiality and the appropriate legal bases.
services do not compromise the health, safety, or Moreover, for information regarding our Human
physical integrity of our customers and road users, Rights Practice, including aspects involving our cli-
as far as reasonably foreseeable. Furthermore, we ents please refer to “S1—Own Workforce—Policies
have several internal procedures to guarantee the related to Own Workforce—Human Rights Practice”.
highest level of product safety.
ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT POLICIES – ENGAGING CONSUMERS
TRANSPARENT INFORMATION AND END-USERS
In line with our impacts, risks and opportunities, the
Code of Conduct states that clear and open com- S4-2
munication, both within the Group and with our
stakeholders, is the building block of effective rela- We are devoted to the highest level of client satisfac-
tionships. The practice covers the following impact: tion, for this reason we strive to promote knowledge
“Reduced customer satisfaction/experience, limited of our products, the enjoyment of our sports cars
customer choice and/or safety risks in the event of both on road and on track, and foster long-term re-
lack of access to information or in the event of ac- lationships with our clients, which is key to our suc-
cess to partial or misleading information”. cess. To achieve this objective, we have put in place
We strive to convey accurate and comprehen- different structured methods to directly engage
sive messages to our stakeholders, via the relevant with them, from exclusive events and initiatives to
departments at Ferrari. dedicated client satisfaction surveys.
A specific practice on transparent communica- By purchasing our cars, clients become part of
tion towards our clients has not been formalized. For an exclusive community, united by a shared passion.
more information about the Code of Conduct, please We foster this sense of fellowship with a number of
refer to “G1—Business Conduct—Business conduct initiatives and events, such as exclusive new model
policies and corporate culture—Code of Conduct”. unveils, on-the-road driving events such as the
Ferrari Cavalcade, special experiences on track and
DATA RESPONSIBILITY AND PRIVACY dedicated programs for Ferraristi that own histori-
POLICIES cal models. For additional information, please refer
to “Overview of Our Business—Client Relations”.
We care about processing data in a safe and trans- We have also built a structured process to assess
parent manner, and in this respect, according to our the overall client satisfaction covering the product,
Code of Conduct, we aim to take the utmost care the services provided, the events we organize, and
to protect the personal data of the individuals who the overall client experience with the car.
are part of Ferrari and those who come into con- Specific KPIs are constantly monitored and ana-
tact with us. Ferrari has adopted specific policies lyzed by the Marketing Intelligence department, the
on Privacy and Data Protection in relation to client’s function that has operational responsibility for ensur-
personal data processing whose recipients are all ing that the engagement happens. The Marketing
customers, prospective customers, leads and oth- Intelligence & Customer Care department reports to
er data subjects who get in contact with Ferrari’s the Head of Global Product Marketing, the most senior
digital and physical touchpoints. For that reason, role in charge of ensuring the results inform Ferrari
please refer to “S1—Own Workforce—Policies re- approach. The KPIs are measured through bespoke
lated to Own Workforce—Data Responsibility and surveys for each car launch and collected for every
Privacy policies” for further information on data new model, from range vehicles to special and limited
protection policies and practices related to client editions. A similar approach is adopted for evaluating
data processing activities. the quality of service and satisfaction of our events.
In conducing our business operations, we The assessment process can involve proactively
strive to act in accordance with the current legis- administering online questionnaires and conducting
lative framework that governs the processing of telephone interviews with a sample of customers, or
personal data at a global scale, including but not the customers directly reaching out to us.
limited to the General Data Protection Regulation Product satisfaction aims to evaluate perfor-
“GDPR” (EU Regulation no. 2016/679), the UK GDPR mance, driving emotions, design, quality, comfort,
and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 devices and Human-Machine Interface (HMI) of our
“CCPA”. The legal framework for data protection has products. The evaluation is carried out through dif-
steadily developed in recent years and has brought ferent typologies in different time frames, which
an increased awareness to privacy. enables us to gather client comments and feedback:
Client personal data is collected for different pur-
poses, including the management of vehicle orders, At the commercial launch of a new Ferrari mod-
marketing and profiling activities, and client relation- el, event satisfaction is monitored in terms of
ship management, with the aim of delivering the high- participation levels;
299
First stage: after the commercial launch of a Ferrari continues to develop the MyFerrari App.
new Ferrari model, client/prospect satisfaction Dedicated to Ferrari clients, the app aims to enhance
and their intention to buy is monitored through and foster their connection with the Ferrari world
Esperienza Ferrari Events, that consists in driving through the direct distribution of tailored contents.
events held in Fiorano or other tracks on the road; For additional information, please refer to “Overview
Second stage: after approximately 3 to 4 weeks of Our Business—Client Relations” and “Overview of
of ownership, the first clients of the new mod- Our Business—Sales and After-Sales”.
el receive a survey, “Report200”, to gather their Finally, it is worth noting that our dealers play a
first impressions of the recently purchased key role in engaging clients. For a better understand-
car. A brief questionnaire, managed by Ferrari ing of the dealers’ role, please refer to “Overview of
Customer Care, is conducted by phone with the Our Business—Sales and After-Sale”.
initial customers and is terminated after the first
200 replies have been collected;
• Third stage: a few months following the launch, a ADDRESSING NEGATIVE IMPACTS
third survey named New Car Buyer Satisfaction AND CONSUMERS AND END-USERS
(“NCBS”) is sent by email to the initial clients. The CONCERNS
NCBS is a more complete, in-depth and detailed
assessment on the car, and is composed of
more than 100 online questions aimed at gather- S4-3
ing thorough feedback on the vehicle.
The Customer Contact Service is a dedicated service
The purpose of these four surveys is to collect client established by Ferrari, enabling clients to directly
opinions about their experience, including the car's raise concerns or requests regarding our products
safety devices. As of the date of the publication of this and services. This service is centralized at the Group
Statement, Ferrari has not carried out any assess- level, except for the Mainland China, Hong Kong and
ment on client’s categories. The topics of data treat- Taiwan region, where the service is provided local-
ment and privacy, and marketing practices are not in- ly. When a client contacts customer service, every
cluded in the engagement process however, through single inquiry is categorized, monitored, and man-
the available communication channels, the consumer aged until resolved, with all specifics recorded in a
can reach out for any concern regarding these issues. globally centralized shared database. We produce
Service satisfaction is monitored through an periodically detailed reports to assess the status of
online survey and is evaluated through two differ- inquiries. These reports are subsequently shared
ent indices: Customer Satisfaction Index (“CSI”) and with the relevant Company departments. All client
Ferrari Relationship Index (“FRI”). The purpose of complaints are addressed and available for consult-
both indices is to evaluate client satisfaction with ing through a dashboard. This service addresses
respect to the sales and after-sales services. CSI the impacts related to Quality and Safety, and Ethics
focuses more on the latest service offered by the and Business Conduct.
dealer, while FRI focuses on the long-term relation- We have developed an integrated system
ship between clients and Ferrari. The results are between our customer care, dealers, Marketing
gathered and analyzed through a statistical model at department and area managers to track all contacts
our headquarters. with clients, manage inquiries and share the results
The results of the product and service satis- of client and dealer satisfaction analysis.
faction analyses are used to outline any necessary Ferrari assessed through its customer service sat-
action plan for current models and, additionally, to isfaction survey that all clients are aware of and trust
identify potential features to be added to the next the Customer Contact Service for raising concerns or
generation of vehicles. Recent surveys show that needs. This survey helps to evaluate client awareness
client satisfaction for Ferrari products and services of the available communication channels and to ver-
has constantly stayed at a very high level. ify the accuracy of the service provided. In 2025, last
Starting from 2017, to improve the main client year’s results were analyzed and used to develop an
events organized by Ferrari’s headquarters (such action plan aimed at improving the service in line with
as Esperienza Ferrari, Digital or Physical World client feedback. The workflow adheres to internal for-
Premiere, Factory Tour etc.), we also started to eval- malized procedures designed to manage customer
uate the level of client satisfaction through online processes and communications effectively. Currently,
survey using digital tools. The results of our anal- no specific policies are in place to protect individuals
ysis are gathered and shared with the Operative from retaliation when utilizing these structures or pro-
Marketing and other client departments. The cesses, nevertheless, the Whistleblowing procedure
results of the surveys measuring client satisfaction protects the whistleblower against retaliation.
levels for our Ferrari Driving Courses worldwide
(US, Europe) are also shared with the Corse Clienti
department and Hub representatives.
Recognizing the importance of digital touch-
points to enhance the overall client experience,
NOTES
The chart below shows the flow between clients, dealers and Ferrari.
FLOW BETWEEN CLIENTS, DEALERS AND FERRARI
Questionnaires
feedbacks and inquires
Questionnaires FFeerrrraarrii cclliieennttss
DDeeaalleerr
MMaarrkkeettiinngg
CCuussttoommeerr ccaarree
IInntteelllliiggeennccee
Questionnaires AArreeaa MMaannaaggeerr
Questionnaires feedback
Scorecard and Report
DDeevveellooppmmeenntt
((ffoorr ffuuttuurree mmooddeellss))
Report and Analysis
Client inquires PPrroodduuccttiioonn
((ffoorr ccuurrrreenntt mmooddeellss))
Replies to inquires
Market research activities
(questionnaires and reports)
Internal Ferrari departments
External stakeholders
Moreover, a dedicated Customer Care Service is available for our
Lifestyle clients for any notices or concerns regarding the e-commerce
platform services.
300
301
ACTIONS RELATED TO CONSUMERS Passive safety requirements guide engineers to define
AND END USERS the design of every component, from car framework
to all the retain components (airbags, seat belts, etc.).
Moreover, specific devices are installed in racing cars
ESRS 2 MDR-A, S4-4 to obtain FIA (Federation International de l’Automobile)
approval. With the aim of solving issues beforehand,
all of our models are subject to a series of tests to ob-
VEHICLE QUALITY AND SAFETY tain approval from the relevant authorities. Looking
ahead, we believe that the evolution of vehicle safe-
Quality has always been at the basis of our success. ty will be linked to traditional and well-known Active
With this in mind, we first certified our quality man- Safety Systems (ABS, ESC) and modern Advanced
agement system, in accordance with ISO 9001, in Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS), capable of pre-
1996. Over the years, we have consistently main- venting or mitigating crash occurrences. Since 2024
tained this certification, positioning Ferrari among the ADAS systems have become mandatory by EU
the first in Italy to adopt updates and new revisions, regulations. Ferrari extends to all markets the same
while continually expanding its scope within the vehicle configuration. We continuously update and
Company. The certification encompasses the plan- monitor the effectiveness of our equipment and driv-
ning, design, development, production, sales and er warning system, while assessing new technologies
after-sales service regarding our Sports Cars. Our aimed at simplifying driver–vehicle interaction and
approach to quality and continuous improvement reducing distractions. All passive and active safety re-
creates a fertile environment for the development quirements aim at ensuring a high level of safety in our
of innovative ideas and solutions that will improve cars. All actions related to Passive and Active Safety
products, methods and the working environment. have been implemented in our vehicles and will remain
The high-quality standards of our products and in effect long-term, with regular updates as needed.
services are shared and followed by our suppliers Sensors are a key innovative solution that
and dealers to ensure that every part of our value enhances vehicle safety, driving thrills, performance
chain contributes to client satisfaction. and reliability, ensuring these technologies benefit all
Ferrari adopts a systematic approach to select- clients who purchase our products. Since the intro-
ing and evaluating direct suppliers, guided by inter- duction of our first position sensor in 1980 on the
nal procedures that outline the qualification and cer- Ferrari 308GTBi, sensors technology has evolved
tification processes for sports cars suppliers. Since significantly. Now, a Ferrari car can have hundreds
2021 this process has also included a preliminary of sensors, including accelerometers, gyroscopes,
supplier eligibility assessment (SEA) and technical microphones, and others, which improve vehicle
review (TR). The SEA is designed to verify, during the dynamics as well as performance and driving thrills.
phase of supplier screening and economical market For instance, the integration of 6D sensor has reduced
offer evaluation, that suppliers have the technical, our braking distance by up to 10 percent (according
operational, systemic, adequate industrial context to the driving situation) obtained through accelerom-
and process capabilities required by Ferrari to pro- eters, gyroscopes, and the deep control vehicle soft-
duce the components. The TR is subsequently con- ware know-how. In 2025, we introduced “Ferrari Five”,
ducted to focus on a specific component or family of a system of virtual sensors that uses a digital model of
components identified as of interest to Ferrari, based the vehicle and data from various sensors, including
on previous steps. During TR a Ferrari cross-func- the 6D sensor, to provide a more accurate estima-
tional team investigates with supplier technical feasi- tion of the car’s speed. Another example is the FAST
bility commitment and preliminary quality and logis- (“Ferrari Active Suspension Technology”), a technol-
tic potential constraints or needs to be addressed. ogy first introduced on the Purosangue that enables
In addition to technical, quality, and logistics checks, our cars to apply the best suspension for every driv-
Ferrari has updated its requirements with cyberse- ing condition by keeping the vehicle body at the best
curity checks aligned to UNECE R155, where appli- elevation for riding. FAST controls body roll in cor-
cable. The procedure focuses on direct (Tier 1) sup- ners and the tire contact patch over high-frequency
pliers. Where necessary, ad hoc evaluations may be bumps, while also supporting active aerodynamics,
performed for Tier 2 or Tier 3 suppliers. Throughout like in the F80, to further enhance tire grip on the road
the sourcing process, Ferrari communicates its across various driving situations. In the near future,
quality requirements to selected suppliers to pro- our cars will be equipped with new sensors that will
mote transparency. In addition, buyers and technical allow us to further improve the existing features and
teams maintain ongoing communication with suppli- enable new functions, and that will play a fundamen-
ers at each stage of the process, encouraging feed- tal role in battery management, increasing the life of
back, resolving issues as they arise, and supporting the battery as well as the safety of our cars. Moreover,
shared improvement efforts. No significant opera- extensive research and development is performed
tional or capital expenditures have been allocated to on virtual sensors that, applying Machine Learning
this action in 2025. techniques, can extend the operating field of physical
To ensure the highest level of passenger safety, sensors to furthermore enlarge the data set available
we develop both passive and active safety systems. to enhance performance and functionalities.
302
The overall operational and capital expenditure al- The process continues with the validation and verifi-
located for these activities was €30 million (please cation of cybersecurity requirements, which include
refer to Consolidated Financial Statements) in 2025. penetration tests conducted by external companies
The amount refers to software calibration (airbag to evaluate the robustness of vehicle systems. In 2025,
control unit and brake node), physical tests on full we renewed the CSMS (Cybersecurity Management
vehicle and representative samples, as well as ap- System) UNECE R155 homologation certification and
proval and homologation crash tests. we achieved for the first time the CSMS GB44495
To increase overall vehicle quality, safety and secu- one for the Chinese market. Furthermore, the type
rity we develop our vehicle cybersecurity in compli- approval, which applies to each individual vehicle and
ance with the ISO/SAE 21434 standard. Following the demonstrates that the certified process has been
process requirements of the international standard, correctly implemented across all models, has been
we develop vehicle cybersecurity through a struc- achieved since 2022 for UNR155 and for the first time
tured process that begins with a Threat Analysis and in 2025 for GB44495. We are currently working on the
Risk Assessment (TARA). Based on this analysis, the nec- implementation of type approval R155 and GB4495
essary cybersecurity mechanisms are implemented requirements for both current and future vehicles.
to ensure that risk levels remain acceptable for road No significant operational or capital expenditures
users, the primary stakeholders in the assessment. have been allocated to this action in 2025.
The Group periodically initiates voluntary service We sell cars together with a scheduled program of
actions to address client satisfaction, safety, and recommended maintenance services in order to en-
emissions issues related to cars sold, including sure that these cars are maintained to the highest
through recall actions. standards to meet our strict requirements for perfor-
Dealers provide after-sales services to cli- mance and safety. Our 7 Year Maintenance Program
ents, either at facilities adjacent to showrooms or (free of charge for customers since 2011 on any new
in stand-alone service points across 249 facilities cars) is offered to further strengthen customer re-
worldwide at December 31, 2025. After-sales activ- tention in the official network and has been coupled
ities are very important for our business to ensure with the possibility to extend the statutory warranty
the client’s continued enjoyment of the car and term of our standard warranty terms through the
the experience. Therefore, we enforce strict qual- Warranty Extension starting from the 4th year up to
ity control on our dealers’ services activities and the 8th year and the Power Warranty Coverage, cov-
we provide continued training and support to the ering from the 9th year up to the 16th year of life of the
dealers’ service personnel. This includes our team car. For certain strictly limited series cars (for exam-
of “Service Engineers”, Ferrari engineers who reg- ple, the Monza SP1 and SP2, and the Daytona SP3) we
ularly travel to service centers to address difficult introduced a Full Warranty Coverage Extension that
technical issues for our clients. can be applied after the 36-month commercial con-
303
tractual warranty. For hybrid models, such as the Please refer to the “Overview of Our Business—
SF90 family and the 296 family, we introduced a new Regulatory Matters—Vehicle safety” for more infor-
service called Warranty Extension Hybrid, which al- mation about vehicle safety.
lows the owner to buy a complete coverage after the
4th year up to the 8th, including replacement of the high ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT -
voltage battery after the 8th year of life of the car. After TRANSPARENT INFORMATION
the 8th year of life, a car (if in perfect maintenance con-
dition) can be included in the Main Power warranty All of our communication and marketing activities,
coverage program (Maintenance and Power) through across different channels such as our website, so-
to the car’s 16th year of life. Between the 16th year of cial media, and events, along with all information re-
life and the Classiche eligibility (20 year old car) Ferrari lated to our products and services, are designed to
provides its customers, in addition to standard main- comply with applicable laws and regulations in ev-
tenance items, also certain specific maintenance kits ery country we sell or operate in.
(Ferrari Premium) to preserve car performance and We have put in place specific actions to ensure
safety systems. When a car follows the full mainte- quality and fairness of information, ensuring that
nance program up to the 20th year of life, it automati- all employees and stakeholders, including dealers,
cally obtains the Ferrari Classiche certification. adopt a consistent approach across all communica-
The overall operational and capital expenditure tion and marketing channels.
allocated for this activity was €103 million in 2025 In this context, the Marketing and Commercial
(please refer to Consolidated Financial Statements). and Lifestyle departments, in collaboration with the
Expanding the view to the quality and safety of Communication department, are in charge of the
our Lifestyle personal luxury goods, we perform direct and indirect information communicated to
specific tests including a qualitative resistance test clients.
and a detailed chemical test to assess product com- Indeed, dealers are dedicated to promoting and
position. These tests are carried out on every prod- marketing our cars in a manner intended to pre-
uct of our personal luxury goods category. serve the Ferrari brand's integrity and to ensure the
We manufacture and sell our cars around the highest level of client satisfaction as well as respect-
world and our operations are therefore subject to a ing all applicable laws and regulations on mislead-
variety of laws and regulations relating to environ- ing advertising and unfair commercial practices.
mental, health and safety and other matters. These Through our in-house Ferrari Academy we provide
laws regulate our cars, including their emissions, training to dealers for sales, after-sales and techni-
fuel consumption, safety, and connectivity as well as cal activities. This ensures that our dealer network
our manufacturing facilities and operations. delivers a consistent level of market leading stan-
We are in compliance with the relevant regula- dards across diverse cultural environments. This
tory requirements affecting our facilities and prod- activity aims to continuous improvement.
ucts around the world. We constantly monitor such For additional information on our communi-
requirements and adjust our operations as necessary cation and marketing strategy, please refer to the
to remain in compliance. Our approach is to ensure “Overview of Our Business—Client Relations” and the
the same safety level in all markets to meet the cer- “Overview of Our Business—Sales and After-Sales”.
tification requirement of the most stringent country. We consistently provide information on the
In particular, to mitigate our material risk for “Fast technical and performance characteristics of our
paced and uncertain laws and technical regulations vehicles and will continue to do so, ensuring that cli-
proliferation: Regulatory tightening on safety (e.g., ents have access to useful information to make the
system, speed limits, autonomous drive / ADAS), noise most informed decision. These include information
(i.e., limits on dB emitted) and software update (e.g. via the corporate website, product brochures and
R156), enhanced by societal pressures and uncertain MyFerrari App. Brochures include detailed data on
in timing/type of future approval constraints” we have various aspects of the car, such as engine, dimen-
established a structured process to monitor new reg- sions, safety, technology and comfort, design and
ulations through a specific R&D function, that regularly performance, including GHG emissions data. This
tracks regulatory developments and evaluates their document is part of the sales process, and it is useful
potential impacts on Company activities. To ensure for fully understanding technical and performance
timely analysis, the Company has appointed a focal characteristics of the vehicle. In addition, in 2024 we
point in each country most relevant to the Ferrari busi- redesigned and developed the new and innovative
ness who participates in various manufacturer asso- MyFerrari App, available exclusively for Ferrari cli-
ciations, which provide also information on regulatory ents to enhance and foster their connection to the
changes trends. No significant operational or capital Ferrari world. This channel enables clients to directly
expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2025. access features and services, strengthening their
All our models are subject to a series of tests relationship with the brand and their preferred offi-
to obtain approval from the relevant authorities. cial Ferrari dealer. The effectiveness of these activi-
Moreover, we start assessing all our new models ties is assessed through the continuous use of these
at an early stage of planning and design to identify channels. Based on experience and best practices,
areas of improvement. these are the most appropriate tools to address
304
potential negative impacts on our clients. For the TARGETS RELATED TO CONSUMERS
future, we plan to continue this activity and update AND END-USERS
these communication channels when needed. No
significant operational or capital expenditures have
been allocated to this action in 2025. ESRS 2 MDR-T, S4-5
Regarding GHG emissions data, these are fully
compliant with current regulations. Please, refer
to “Regulatory Matters—Greenhouse gas/CO/fuel VEHICLE QUALITY AND SAFETY
economy legislation”.
Similarly to sports cars and racing, we provide all We aim to ensure that every step of our design and
mandatory technical and quality information about production process follows current regulations. To
our Lifestyle products on specific labels or tags guarantee compliance with applicable regulations
according to applicable laws and regulations. and to achieve functionality, performance, safety
and quality objectives, an annual Quality Plan has
DATA RESPONSIBILITY AND PRIVACY been developed. This involves several Company
functions that through the review of the previous
The management of consumers and end-users’ year’s results identify and set new ambitions and
personal data is ensured by the actions carried out define specific KPIs. As of the date of publication of
by Ferrari with respect to the recipients of the pol- this Report, no specific public targets have been set
icies mentioned above. Particularly, we foster an for vehicle quality and safety, but internal KPIs are in
effective and prompt response to requests from place and actively monitored on a monthly basis.
data subjects by multiple strategies, such as the
implementation of OneTrust, an online portal which ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT -
allows clients to make privacy requests and the TRANSPARENT INFORMATION
provision of a publicly available privacy-dedicated
e-mail address. This also allows us to assess and All our communication channels aim at providing
monitor whether the actions implemented are ap- the highest level of transparency and fairness in in-
propriate in response to the risk of breaches of con- formation. Although no targets have been defined
sumers and end-users’ rights with regard to their and communicated publicly. Ferrari sets internal
privacy requests. Since this portal is the same one KPIs annually, which are monitored monthly to en-
adopted for employee privacy requests, please re- sure that communication practices align with ethi-
fer to “S1—Own Workforce—Actions related to Own cal standards and stakeholder expectations.
Workforce—Data Responsibility and Privacy” for fur-
ther information. DATA RESPONSIBILITY AND PRIVACY
Regarding our activities on Cybersecurity, please
refer to “S1—Own Workforce—Actions related to Ferrari recognizes the importance of data protec-
Own Workforce—Data Responsibility and Privacy”. tion and privacy for its customers and end-users.
In 2025, Ferrari updated its Privacy notice for While no formal targets have been established to
Sales & After Sales processing activities to enhance date, Ferrari ensures that any incidents are prompt-
transparency and ease the understanding of how ly addressed and mitigated.
personal data is handled by Ferrari. This new model
is provided to customers and prospective custom-
ers through multiple channels, such as sales and
after sales processes via CRM system and MyFerrari
App – My Ferrari Connect section. The structure was
redesigned to simplify future updates in response to
country-specific regulatory changes. It now includes
a global general section applicable worldwide and
country-specific sections.
In 2025, to the best of our knowledge there were
no severe human rights issues or incidents, nor
any cases of non-respect of the human rights prin-
ciple embodied into the internationally recognized
standards mentioned in the “S1—Own Workforce—
Policies related to Own Workforce—Human Rights
Practice”, among consumers and end-users.
305
G1 – BUSINESS
CONDUCT
BUSINESS CONDUCT MATERIAL IMPACTS,
RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES
ESRS 2 IRO 1
Impacts, risks and opportunities related to business conduct matters
have been identified during the double materiality assessment with
focus on certain specific elements including location, activity, sector
and the structure of the transaction. The identified material impacts,
risks and opportunities are listed below and for additional information
on methodology adopted, please refer to “ESRS 2—General disclosures—
Impacts, risks and opportunities management”.
Material Impacts, Risks and Opportunities Nature Perimeter
Promoting awareness and culture about ethics of Ferrari management, Actual Positive Impact
employees, business partners and other stakeholders, through training
programs prevents negative behavior and enhances employees awareness
and responsibility
Financial negative impacts affecting suppliers, especially SMEs, due to late Potential Negative Impact
payments on the contractual payment terms
→ → Upstream → → Own Operations → → Downstream
BUSINESS CONDUCT POLICIES AND lasting firsts is what fuels the Ferrari legend. Our
CORPORATE CULTURE ability to combine revolutionary technological
solutions with exceptional artisanal craftsman-
ship is what enables us to create icons that stay
ESRS 2 GOV-1, MDR-P, G1-1 timeless in a fast-changing world.
PASSION AND ACHIEVEMENT: Ferrari’s racing
At Ferrari, we seek to develop a cooperative envi- spirit lives on in emotions that transcend the
ronment in which the dignity of each individual is road and the track, ultimately becoming an au-
respected and that embodies the highest ethical thentic attitude towards life. Nothing excites us
standards in business conduct. Our ambition is to more than setting ambitious targets and expec-
maintain a fair, secure, productive and inclusive tations – and then exceeding them, to push ev-
workplace for all members of our workforce, in ery boundary. It is how the power of passion be-
which everyone is valued for its unique contribution. comes the beauty of achievement.
Ferrari values are:
The values are integrated into the Code of Conduct.
INDIVIDUAL AND TEAM: Our talented individuals The Company promotes its values and corporate
are our greatest resource. However, they can culture both internally, through training activities
only pursue the extraordinary by working to- and employee engagements, and externally, by pub-
gether as a team. By fostering integrity, excel- lishing them on the corporate website. Ferrari’s in-
lence and generosity, we give each of our people tegrity system, which embodies its values, sets the
the possibility to express their own full potential elements:
- and be part of something greater.
• •
TRADITION AND INNOVATION: Tradition and in- Principles, set out in the Code of Conduct, that
novation drive each other. The ongoing quest for capture Ferrari’s ambition to important values
306
in business and foundation for the corporate the United Nations (“UN”) Declaration on Human
governance of the Ferrari Group and include a Rights, the International Labor Organization (“ILO”)
framework comprised of the following primary Conventions and the Organization for Economic
personal conduct; Co-Operation and Development (“OECD”) Guidelines
Practices that are the basic rules that must guide for Multinational Companies.
our daily behaviors in order to achieve our over- Accordingly, our Code of Conduct aims to ensure
arching principles; that all members of the Ferrari Group workforce act
Procedures that further articulate Ferrari’s spe- with the highest level of integrity and comply with
cific operational approaches for achieving com- applicable laws, thus contributing to building a bet-
pliance and that may have specific applications ter future for our Company and the communities in
limited to certain geographical regions and/or which we do business.
businesses, as appropriate. Ferrari’s Code of Conduct can be found on our
corporate website at https://www.ferrari.com/
Practices and procedures are drafted in line with the en-EN/corporate/code-conduct.
precautionary principle and are designed to support In 2025 a series of training activities, both online
the protection of the interest of internal and external and in person, have been carried out involving our
stakeholders, who are a key reference point in the employees. Moreover, Ferrari continued to imple-
development of these practices and procedures. In ment a training and verification project in different
particular, stakeholders that have been included are departments aimed at raising awareness on the spe-
those who are addressees of the practices and pro- cific topic of information confidentiality safeguards.
cedures. Our public Practices are available on the Mandatory training programs on business con-
Ferrari corporate website at the following link: https:// duct are periodically developed by the Compliance
www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/practices. function with the support of the Human Resources
department. These training courses have the
CODE OF CONDUCT objective of providing the necessary knowledge of
Anticorruption Laws and the instructions to recog-
The basis of Ferrari’s governance model is its Code nize any potential criticalities to avoid questionable
of Conduct that embodies the values recognized, actions from an ethical standpoint.
adhered to and promoted by the Company. Ferrari Furthermore, specific Business Ethics and
believes that conduct grounded in the principles Compliance (“BEC”) surveys are conducted by the
of diligence, integrity and fairness is a key driver Internal Audit and Compliance functions as part of
for social and economic development. The Code of audit activities carried out according to the yearly
Conduct covers the following impacts: “Promoting audit plan, to assess the Ferrari Group's worldwide
awareness and culture about ethics of Ferrari man- workforce awareness of the Code of Conduct and
agement, employees, business partners and other other ethics-related procedures. In 2025, BEC sur-
stakeholders, through training programs prevents veys were conducted on topics such as: Code of
negative behavior and enhances employees aware- Conduct, Whistleblowing procedure, Gifts and
ness and responsibility” and “Financial negative im- Entertainment Expenses’ Management procedure,
pacts affecting suppliers, especially SMEs, due to Group Regulatory Framework and Information
late payments on the contractual payment terms”. Confidentiality. Based on the outcomes of such sur-
Our Code of Conduct, also strengthening the ref- veys, new dedicated training and awareness ses-
erence to ESG aspects, has been approved by the sions are deployed internally.
Board of Directors of Ferrari N.V. and is applicable to
the whole Ferrari Group. The implementation of the WHISTLEBLOWING
Code of Conduct is supervised by the FLT members,
with regard to their department. The Ferrari Group has set a specific procedure to
For information about the role of the Board of investigate business conduct incidents promptly
Directors related to business conduct and their independently and objectively. The Whistleblowing
expertise on business matters, please refer to “ESRS Procedure regulates the reporting channels and the
2—General disclosures—Governance”, in particular process of managing reports of possible violations
to the column “Corporate Governance and Risk man- originating from internal or external persons of the
agement” of the Board of Director’s “Matrix Skills”. Ferrari Group. It contains information about the ob-
The Code of Conduct applies to all Ferrari Group jectives, scope of application, potential reporting sub-
Board members and officers, full-time and part-time jects, operational measures to manage the reporting
employees, as well as to all temporary contracts and and to investigate reported facts and address allega-
all other individuals and companies that act on behalf tions or incidents. It encloses assigned responsibili-
of the Ferrari Group, regardless of their location. The ties and protection measures for whistleblowers.
Code of Conduct also applies to Ferrari’s commer- As described in the Code of Conduct, the Ferrari
cial partners and suppliers. Accordingly, they are Group has adopted the Ethics Helpline, a channel
required to adhere to standards of integrity, trans- which allows all stakeholders (employees, custom-
parency and responsibility consistent with those ers, suppliers and partners) and any third parties to
set out in the Code. In addition, Ferrari endorses request advice and/or report concerns about alleged
307
situations, events or actions which may be inconsis- are then notified to the relevant internal functions.
tent with the values and principles set out in the Code The measures taken are commensurate with the
of Conduct, Organizational Models, laws and regula- seriousness of the case and comply with the appli-
tions, as well as business practices and corporate cable legislation.
rules. The allegations are assessed by the relevant The Internal Audit and Compliance functions
departments of Ferrari and managed in accordance (to be collectively intended as the “Whistleblowing
with the Whistleblowing Procedure, prepared on the Team”) attend periodical training sessions to properly
basis of international best practices as well as appli- manage the Whistleblowing process. However, if one
cable laws and regulations. As of the date of publica- of the members of the Whistleblowing Team is in a
tion of this Statement, we do not have any additional situation of potential conflict of interest, he/she shall
procedures beyond those established by the applica- promptly declare the existence of such a situation
ble law transposing Directive (EU) 2019/1937. to the other members of the Whistleblowing Team,
Ferrari has adopted the Whistleblowing abstaining from any activity related to the report and
Procedure, in line with the Directive (EU) 2019/1937 not being made aware of the subsequent develop-
of the European Parliament and of the Council, where ments of the relevant activities. The report itself will
protection of whistleblowers is enclosed. be managed exclusively by the other members of
The Ethics Helpline can be accessed either by the Whistleblowing Team. In the event that all mem-
phone or by web, with multiple languages available, bers of the Whistleblowing Team are in a situation
and it is an essential element of the management of potential conflict of interest, the Audit Committee
process, in accordance with the Code of Conduct. will be informed of the situation and, to guarantee the
It is managed by an independent provider, and it is same level of independence required, the report will
available 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Reports be handled by the identified corporate functions, in
submitted through the system are handled by the accordance with the Whistleblowing Procedure.
competent Ferrari function and are managed in In addition, to provide maximum transparency to
accordance with the whistleblowing procedures the entire process, a Whistleblowing Committee has
applicable across the Ferrari Group. In addition, in been appointed. It is composed of the Chief Human
compliance with applicable local legislation, reports Resources Officer, the General Counsel and the
may also be made anonymously. All reported sub- Chief Internal Audit, Risk and Compliance Officer.
jects and facts are processed with the utmost con- The Whistleblowing Committee meets periodically
fidentiality, so that the individuals who report an to monitor the progress of the investigations and
alleged violation in good faith are not subject to any the implementation of the measures taken by the
form of retaliation. We developed a dedicated online relevant corporate functions. Periodic reporting on
training course on whistleblowing topics which is whistleblowing management is provided to the Audit
also covered by the training course on Ferrari’s Code Committee and further internal control bodies.
of Conduct, to ensure that all employees understand
how the Ethics Helpline operates and are aware of THIRD PARTIES COMPLIANCE PRACTICE
the contents of the Whistleblowing Procedure. The
training on the Whistleblowing Procedure is man- Dealing with third parties entails inherent risks, in
datory for all new joiners or in the event of amend- terms of potential corporate liabilities, as well as fi-
ments to relevant internal regulations. In addition, nancial and reputational damages that Ferrari may
in line with the Compliance training approach men- suffer as a consequence of unlawful conducts car-
tioned before, specific training sessions are exe- ried out by third parties with which it does business
cuted annually for those functions resulting in high (“Third Parties”). Therefore, Ferrari strongly be-
compliance-related risk. For further information lieves that the capability to adequately evaluate Third
on this approach, please refer to “—Prevention and Parties, as well as promptly address any threats and
detection of corruption and bribery”. risk factors, represents an essential requirement
Furthermore, Ferrari employees may also seek for the protection of its assets, integrity and reputa-
advice concerning the application and interpretation tion in an overall and long-term vision.
of the Code of Conduct by contacting the Compliance Ferrari aims to collaborate with third parties that
function or submitting a query to the Ethics Helpline. meet certain requirements in terms of compliance
The reports received are classified into four cat- with applicable laws and regulations in relation to eth-
egories corresponding to the four main principles ics, integrity and transparency. In this respect, Ferrari
of the Code of Conduct: we protect people; we act has adopted the Third Parties Compliance Practice,
with integrity; we are committed to operating in an that establishes the general rules of conduct that
environmentally responsible way; we protect the must be followed at Group level when dealing with any
resources, the tradition and identity of Ferrari. Third Parties, including active and passive counter-
The Internal Audit and Compliance functions, parties as well as any further Third Parties with which
with the potential support of the Legal Affairs and Ferrari may establish contractual relationships.
Human Resources departments, as well as other The Practice involves counterparties that, accord-
business functions possibly involved, assess all alle- ing to the contractual relation with Ferrari, receive
gations. The outcomes and the potential disciplinary/ payments from or give payments to Ferrari (i.e. deal-
contractual actions resulting from each allegation ers, distributors, sponsors, licensees, service cen-
308
ters and direct clients of vehicles, consultants, sup- In particular, in line with our impacts, risks, and
pliers, agents) and any further third party that does opportunities (please refer to “ESRS 2—General
business with Ferrari, whether as a legal and/or a disclosures—Impacts, risks and opportunities
natural person. This Practice officially entered into management”), the Anticorruption Compliance
force in 2020 and applies to the entire Ferrari Group Practice aims to define principles and provide
pursuant to local legislation. rules of conduct and controls applicable to all in-
In particular, the Third Parties Compliance dividuals within or acting on behalf of the Ferrari
Practice underlines the importance of carrying out a Group people in the most at-risk activities (i.e. deal-
“compliance evaluation” before establishing any busi- ing with Public Officials, dealing with suppliers and
ness relationship with a third party in order to exam- third parties acting on behalf of the Ferrari Group,
ine its ethical reliability and reputation, its involvement Gifts & Hospitalities, Non-profit Initiatives, Mergers,
in a legitimate and lawful business, and its ambition to Acquisitions and Disposals, etc) in order to pre-
share Ferrari’s values of integrity and fairness. vent corruption-related crimes and ensure com-
By adhering to the principles outlined in the pliance with anticorruption laws to which Ferrari
Third Parties Compliance Practice, third parties are is subject. Such rules are further enhanced in in-
expected not only to comply with applicable laws ternal Procedures regulating those specific areas
and regulations, as well as Ferrari’s ethical princi- deemed at risk from an anticorruption perspec-
ples and standards, but also to actively promote a tive. These Procedures include, among others: the
culture of compliance, integrity and transparency Gifts and Entertainment Expenses Procedures; the
within their own organizations and across their Non-Profit Initiatives Procedure; the Procedure
respective value chains. governing relations with Public Officials and
The Internal Audit function carries out appropri- Relevant Private Entities; the various Procedures
ate audits and controls to verify the correct imple- governing the selection of Third Parties (e.g. sup-
mentation of the Practice. The Compliance function pliers, dealers, sponsors) and the related anticor-
periodically reviews the Practice and monitors its ruption due diligence.
implementation to ensure it remains updated and The Anticorruption Compliance Practice applies
efficient, taking into consideration any organiza- to all Ferrari Group directors, officers and employ-
tional changes, emerging best practices, possible ees, together with all those who work, in Italy and
violations or criticalities that have been identified. abroad, for or on behalf of Ferrari - including con-
The FLT is the most senior level in the Ferrari sultants, so called “atypical workers” (e.g. temporary
Group that is accountable for the implementation of supply contract and staff leasing workers), trainees,
this Practice. scholarship holders, agents, suppliers and business
No third-party standards or initiatives were used partners. It entails that none of these shall, directly
to draft the Practice. Practices and procedures are or indirectly, give, offer, request, promise, autho-
drafted with the precautionary principle in mind and rize, solicit or accept bribes or any other perquisite
are functional to the pursuit of the interests of stake- (including gifts or gratuities, with the exception of
holders, who are therefore the main reference point commercial items universally accepted in an interna-
considered in their drafting. tional context of modest economic value, permitted
The Third Parties Compliance Practice has been by applicable laws and in compliance with the Code
adequately circulated, publicized and disseminated of Conduct and all applicable practices and proce-
by Ferrari both internally and externally, also through dures) in connection with their work for Ferrari at
its inclusion in the relevant contractual agreements any time or for any reason.
and arrangements. Please refer to the Ferrari cor- The Compliance function is entrusted to oversee
porate website at the following link https://www.fer- the design and implementation of the Anticorruption
rari.com/en-EN/corporate/practices. Compliance Practice, to provide advice and guid-
ance to personnel on anticorruption laws and issues
ANTI-BRIBERY AND ANTICORRUPTION relating to bribery and corruption, to monitor the
COMPLIANCE PRACTICE related risk and to provide support in training activ-
ities. The Internal Audit and Compliance functions
The Ferrari Group strives to uphold the highest stan- periodically review the Anticorruption Compliance
dards of integrity, honesty and fairness in all internal Practice and monitor its implementation to ensure it
and external affairs and does not tolerate any kind operates with effectiveness. The most senior level in
of bribery. The laws of virtually all countries in which the Ferrari Group that is accountable for the imple-
Ferrari operates prohibit bribery and any violation mentation of this practice is the FLT.
of anti-bribery and anticorruption laws would entail The Practice has been drafted in line with the
serious consequences for both companies and indi- ISO 37001:2016 standard and is consistent with the
viduals, which can result in significant fines, impris- United Nations Convention against Corruption. In
onment of individuals and reputational damages. addition, all practices and procedures are drafted
These principles are laid down in the Code of Conduct with the precautionary principle in mind and are
and the Anticorruption Compliance Practice, which functional to the pursuit of the interests of stake-
officially entered into force in 2020 and applies to holders, who are therefore the main reference point
the entire Ferrari Group pursuant to local legislation. considered in their drafting.
309
The Anticorruption Compliance Practice has been When we sign a contract with a business part-
adequately circulated, publicized and disseminated ner, we extend an invitation to them to also sign
by Ferrari both internally and externally, also through the ‘Statement of Commitment', by which suppli-
its inclusion in the relevant contractual agreements ers undertake not only to comply with the pro-
and arrangements. Please refer to the Ferrari cor- visions of the Code of Conduct, but also with the
porate website at the following link https://www.fer- Anticorruption Compliance Practice and the Third
rari.com/en-EN/corporate/practices. Parties Compliance Practice. These Practices aim
to define the principles, rules of conduct, and con-
trol measures applicable to all Ferrari Group per-
MANAGEMENT OF RELATIONSHIPS sonnel involved in activities considered most at risk,
WITH SUPPLIERS such as interactions with suppliers and third parties
acting on behalf of the Group. Furthermore, they
bind themselves to comply with the Organizational,
ESRS 2 MDR-P, MDR-A, G1-2 Management and Control Model laid down in the
Italian Legislative Decree No. 231/2001, which aims
We source a variety of components, raw materials, to prevent and combat unlawful behavior. This doc-
supplies, utilities, logistics and other services from ument is fundamental to establish a clear commit-
numerous suppliers. We recognize the contribution ment to comply with ethical principles and rules of
of our suppliers to our success in pursuing excel- conduct that protect both the reputation of the third
lence in terms of luxury and performance, therefore party and Ferrari. At the beginning of 2023, Ferrari
we carefully select suppliers that are able to meet N.V. adopted a Compliance Model in order to assess
our high standards. and govern, at a high level, corporate responsibility
For the sourcing of certain key components with laws and regulations that apply to the Company in all
highly technological specifications, we have devel- relevant jurisdictions. The Model consists of a gener-
oped strongly synergic relationships with some al part that describes the governance principles and
of our suppliers, which we consider “key strategic structure of the Company, and a special part that
innovation partners”. We currently rely on a number highlights the at-risk areas together with a descrip-
of selected key strategic innovation partners for the tion of the principles and specific controls imple-
supply of transmissions, brakes and other parts. We mented to prevent the perpetration of offenses rel-
have also developed strong relationships with other evant for the Company. As for the Code of Conduct,
industrial partners for bodyworks and chassis man- the principles set out in the Compliance Model are
ufacturing and for powertrain and transmissions, incorporated in our Practices and Procedures. It
among other things. Pursuant to our make-or-buy is important to underline that any non-compliance
strategy, we generally retain production in-house with the Code of Conduct may give rise to signifi-
whenever we have an interest in preserving or cant consequences and could be considered a se-
developing technological know-how or when we rious breach. In such circumstances, Ferrari re-
believe that outsourcing would impair the efficiency serves the right to terminate the contract with the
and flexibility of our production process. Therefore, entity involved, following the procedures provided
we continue to invest in the skills and processes for by law. Collaborating with Ferrari means sharing
required for low-volume production of components common values and a vision aimed at maintaining
that we believe improve product quality. high ethical standards, thus enhancing integrity and
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the transparency in professional relations. In this way,
purchases from our ten largest suppliers by value all partners can contribute to creating a positive and
accounted for approximately 23 percent of total socially responsible working environment.
procurement costs, and no supplier accounted for To further monitor and promote a responsible
more than 4 percent of our total procurement costs. supply chain, we have appointed a Financial Supplier
Our focus on excellence, in terms of luxury, quality, Risk Manager, who convenes a dedicated commit-
aesthetics and performance, requires us to implement tee, the Supplier Risk Committee (“SRC”), every three
a responsible and efficient supply chain management months. The SRC Committee is composed of, among
to select suppliers and partners that are able to meet others: Chief Financial Officer, Chief Purchasing
our high standards. Notwithstanding the low volume of & Quality Officer, Chief Internal Audit, Risk and
cars manufactured, our production process requires Compliance Officer, General Counsel, Chief Product
a great variety of inputs entailing a complex supply Development Officer, Chief Industrial Officer, Chief
chain management to ensure continuity of production. Accounting Officer, Head of Group Treasury, Head of
Direct Material Purchasing, Head of Indirect Material
POLICIES RELATED TO MANAGEMENT OF Purchasing, Head of Quality and Head of Industrial
RELATIONSHIPS WITH SUPPLIERS Operations Finance. Other entities otherwise involved,
or needed for information or advice, are involved and
Our relations with suppliers are governed by pur- invited to participate in the committee’s meetings
chase contracts (including general conditions of when necessary. The SRC’s aim is to establish man-
purchase), which outline mutual responsibilities and agement guidelines for financially critical suppliers,
expectations. approving current action plans and mitigation mea-
310
sures, requesting further plans to address risks aris- to collect qualitative and quantitative information
ing from existing or potential supply relationships. regarding their climate change impacts, specifi-
Moreover, a dedicated Sustainable Procurement cally through Life Cycle Assessments. This year, we
function has been established to manage the assess- extended the scope of carbon footprint data collec-
ment of Ferrari’s supply chain maturity level from an tion to include logistics and service providers. Most
ESG perspective. The function also guarantees oper- of the direct suppliers were involved in identifying
ational support of both direct and indirect purchas- emission hot spots on which to focus improvement
ing, including strategic & trade compliance analyses efforts. This approach aims to ensure that compa-
and checks. nies not only maintain a high level of quality in their
products or services, but that they are also actively
ACTION RELATED TO MANAGEMENT OF engaged in carbon reduction activities and sustain-
RELATIONSHIPS WITH SUPPLIERS able resource management.
The main objective of these engagement activ-
Since 2021, we have been quantifying our CO emis- ities is to understand whether suppliers have clear
sions along the whole value chain. Indirect upstream and measurable targets for reducing their emissions
GHG emissions, which account for about 53 percent in the medium and long term. It is crucial that com-
of our total emissions, relate mainly to our supply chain panies not only recognize the importance of sustain-
procurement process. In particular, the majority of ability, but that they integrate concrete strategies
this stream comes from raw material extraction and and practices to contribute to reducing environ-
component production. For this reason, we are devel- mental impacts. These initiatives are an important
oping engagement activities and partnerships with step towards building a network of responsible and
our suppliers to identify effective solutions to reduce sustainable suppliers, capable of addressing global
GHG emissions and to drive the low-carbon transition. environmental challenges and responding to the
Consistent with the impacts and risks related to increasing consumer and regulatory expectations
our supply chain, The selection of suppliers is based for sustainability. The information collected enables
not only on the quality and competitiveness of their us to identify activities to raise awareness among
products and services, but also on their adherence to our suppliers, and we plan to continue this activity
social and ethical principles. Strategic suppliers are in the future. The expected outcome of the Product
subject to a dedicated risk analysis aimed at identifying Carbon Footprint approach related to carbon foot-
critical suppliers through a combination of financial, print is to create a “carbonized” bill of materials of
compliance and industrial assessments. Their capac- the entire vehicle across our entire product range.
ity for growth is also assessed in order to identify This will allow us to set up a solid base to define the
areas where Ferrari may support the development of decarbonization roadmap of our vehicles through
its business partners, helping them meet the Group’s the identification of hot spots in our upstream value
requirements. Furthermore, we have strengthened chain to be tackled with targeted actions. The prod-
our supplier qualification and selection processes to uct carbon footprint (PCF) is expected to cover
verify not only their technical capability and financial the Scope 3 emissions related to a single vehicle.
solidity, but also - through a screening methodology These objectives are to be achieved within the 2030
- their reliability in terms of ethics, integrity and repu- decarbonization targets. The use of this structured
tation (the so-called “Compliance Evaluation”). engagement questionnaire allowed us to identify
Before engaging a new Tier 1 supplier76, the com- more accurately the source of upstream emissions.
petent departments of the Ferrari Group perform an The actions planned for the future aim to improve the
adequate Compliance Evaluation on the potential sup- quality of the final result: among these, maximizing
plier to examine its ethical reliability and reputation, the percentage of primary data (collected from sup-
its involvement in a legitimate and lawful business, pliers) and switching from spend to activity-based
and its alignment with Ferrari’s values of integrity, data. No significant operational or capital expendi-
fairness and compliance. The same evaluation is also tures have been allocated to this action in 2025.
applied to our dealers. The preventive Compliance Moreover, we are carrying out targeted Tier-n
evaluation mitigates the risks for Ferrari under dif- engagement activities for all major raw material
ferent perspectives, such as: anticorruption, trade suppliers (e.g. aluminum, steel, plastics, carbon
sanctions, money-laundering, conflicts of interest, fiber), particularly on small- and medium-sized sup-
ethics (human rights included) and reputation. The pliers, to search for sustainable and low-carbon
information collected through these assessments is solutions. Ferrari aims to gradually shift to materi-
used to identify initiatives aimed at raising awareness als and technologies with reduced environmental
among suppliers, and Ferrari intends to continue and impact, by engaging and cooperating with Tier-1 and
further develop these activities. Beginning in 2025, all key-players of the supply chain, such as with, alumi-
suppliers will be required to provide a product car- num and plastic suppliers. The goal is to develop and
bon footprint KPI for new sourcing allocations. No implement decarbonization initiatives to contribute
significant operational or capital expenditures have to the achievement of the 2030 decarbonization
been allocated to this action in 2025. targets. This effort specifically focuses on Scope 3
In 2025, we expanded our structured engage- “Purchased Goods” emissions as the perimeter of
ment of our Tier 1 and some Tier 2 supplier base, action. Our purpose is to create strategic collabora-
311
312
tive relationships in the field of innovation and sus- Batteries Regulation and Deforestation Regulation.
tainability. We have been working hard to establish In the future, the Drive Sustainability questionnaire
new strategic partnerships with important players might also be used for assessing and selecting new
on the global scene, and as a result of these efforts, suppliers. No significant operational or capital expen-
we have also created direct connections with inno- ditures have been allocated to this action in 2025.
vative material manufacturers. These alliances not The actions described above are the starting
only expand our network of collaborations but also point of a structured ESG due diligence activity, which
give us access to cutting-edge technologies that will be extended to all suppliers in the coming years.
can enrich our offering and improve its quality. We
engaged our most significant suppliers contribut-
ing to Scope 3 “Purchased Goods” emissions in a PREVENTION AND DETECTION
product carbon footprint assessment, achieving OF CORRUPTION AND BRIBERY
engagement with approximately 80 percent of these
suppliers. We plan to engage in new projects and
opportunities on Scope 3 “Purchased Goods” emis- G1-3
sions by exploring innovative materials and technol-
ogies such as recycled and bio-based materials. No During 2025, dedicated trainings and awareness
significant operational or capital expenditures have initiatives on various compliance topics such as an-
been allocated to this action in 2025. ticorruption have been provided to our employees,
For further information about actions related with the aim to promote the consistency of their be-
to GHG emissions reductions please refer to “E1— haviors with the applicable anticorruption laws and
Climate change—Transition plan for climate change regulations.
mitigation”. We believe that every employee shall be informed
In 2025, with the continued partnership with of the applicable Anticorruption laws, so to be aware
Drive Sustainability, we were able to engage more of the risks, the relevant personal and corporate
than 500 of our suppliers,77 of which approximately responsibilities and have a clear understanding of
95 percent of Tier-1 suppliers (accounting for more the actions needed to tackle bribery and any poten-
than 24 percent of our total Annual Purchase Value). tial violation of such laws. Mandatory induction train-
They were selected based on risk criteria such as ing programs are delivered to all new joiners both
strategic relevance, geographical location, com- in person and through a specific e-learning platform
pany size, supplier strategy, and product category or with the support of the Human Resources depart-
service. Through this structured questionnaire, we ment. These trainings provide the necessary knowl-
collected comprehensive information on their ESG edge of Anticorruption laws and the instructions to
performance. recognize any potential criticalities.
Through the Drive Sustainability Questionnaire Nevertheless, the Compliance function monitors
(SAQ 5.0), we request detailed information on our the level of awareness on anticorruption - and all
suppliers’ social and environmental practices. The other compliance topics, among which antitrust, pri-
questionnaire includes basic questions about their vacy, and confidentiality, of the entire Ferrari popula-
code of ethics, human rights policies and the pres- tion, including the FLT. Indeed, every year, for all com-
ence of formal complaint handling mechanisms or pliance topics, the Compliance function assesses the
procedures. In addition, we ask for specific details level of risk exposure of each area, function78 and
on workers’ health and safety to verify the pres- activity. According to the results of this assessment,
ence of high standards in the treatment of human in-depth training is deployed to the at-risk functions
resources. In addition to social aspects, the question- on the specific compliance topic. The training pro-
naire also addresses environmental issues, focusing grams are targeted to employees who are identified
on responsible sourcing of raw materials and sus- according to their roles in Ferrari and their related
tainable management of the entire value chain. The exposure to the concerned compliance risk. In 2025,
objective of this activity is to create the first-level risk we further strengthened the control on anticorrup-
assessment upon which we will structure our due tion matters through a dedicated IT portal for the
diligence activities. management of conflicts of interest and of gifts and
In 2025, we extended the initiative to more direct hospitality. In addition, a further control measure is
material suppliers as well as those who had not represented by the various Procedures governing
responded to the initial survey, reaching more than the selection and management of Third Parties (e.g.
400 direct material suppliers. Furthermore, indi- suppliers, dealers, sponsors). Please, for further
rect suppliers who had not participated in previous information refer to “—Business Conduct policies and
campaigns were involved. The information collected corporate culture”. Anticorruption training has not
enables us to identify activities to raise awareness been deployed to Board members.
among our suppliers. We plan to continue this initia- In 2025, the risk assessment revealed that 3 areas
tive in the future by involving not only direct suppliers are the most at-risk in terms of Anticorruption top-
but also raw material suppliers (Tier-n). Additionally, ics: Marketing & Commercial, Racing Revenues79 and
we plan to enlarge the scope to address the Due Purchasing & Quality, representing approximately
Diligence requirements of new regulations like EU 20 percent of the areas considered in the assess-
313
ment. Consequently, tailored face-to-face training party suppliers by Ferrari S.p.A. in 2025, including
sessions and awareness activities were delivered to cash outflows and offsets. The average payment
these areas in relation, on a case-by-case approach, period is calculated as the weighted average num-
to the most significant anticorruption matters, ber of days between the start date of the contractual
including general ethical principles, management or statutory payment terms for each invoice and the
of at-risk activities (e.g., third parties’ due diligence, actual payment date, weighted by the invoice amount.
gifts & hospitalities, non-profit initiatives) and the The payment of certain invoices may occur after the
use of whistleblowing channels and processes. In original due date as a result of additional verification
2025, these face-to-face training activities were also and control procedures that may be required for
extended to foreign commercial subsidiaries, to certain purchases prior to paying.
raise the level of awareness and alignment on anti- As of December 31, 2025, there were no out-
corruption principles across the Group. Within the standing legal proceedings for late payments.
above-mentioned areas, the percentage of at-risk
functions and their members covered by the train-
ing activities was assessed following an in-depth risk
assessment. This process aims to safeguard individ-
uals who may be exposed to such risks. The training
is meticulously structured to address specific needs
and it has been delivered in-person to over 90 per-
cent of the members of those functions.
INCIDENTS OF CORRUPTION
OR BRIBERY
G1-4
In 2025, there were no convictions and no fines re-
lated to violations of anti-corruption and anti-bribery
laws, either within Úthe Company or, to the best of
our knowledge, across Ferrari’s value chain direct-
ly involving the Company or its employees; con-
sequently, no actions has been taken to address
breaches in procedures and standards of anti-cor-
ruption and anti-bribery.
PAYMENT PRACTICES
G1-6
We generally pay our supplier within 60 days
from the date of the invoice or from the end of the
month when the invoice has been issued (Standard
Payment Terms), but single set of terms are usually
agreed with suppliers of both services and mate-
rial. The percentage of payments aligned with the
Standard Payment Terms is 95 percent of the total
value of the 2025 payments (in line with last year),
and for the SMEs the percentage does not differ sig-
nificantly.
Ferrari does not have a formal policy with regard
to late payments, however, it adopts clear and
well-defined procedures for managing payments
to suppliers, especially to small and medium enter-
prises (SMEs - Small and Medium Enterprises80).
The average payment period is 64 days, one day
less than in 2024. Considering SMEs only, the aver-
age number of days remains about the same. These
data refer to all payment transactions made to third-
PART I
BOARD
REPORT
317
RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS AND • compliance with the current laws and regula-
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM tions, with the Company’s Statute and Articles of
Association and with the internal procedures of
the Group.
Our risk management approach is an important busi-
ness driver and it is integral to the achievement of Contributing to informed and consistent deci-
the Group’s long-term business plan. We take an inte- sion-making as well as to the spread of a correct
grated approach to risk management, where risk as- knowledge of risks, legality and corporate values,
sessment is part of the leadership team agenda. The the System plays a central role in the corporate or-
Board of Directors is responsible for considering the ganization, supporting the Company’s management
ability to control and manage risks crucial to achieve in alignment with the corporate objectives as de-
its identified business targets and to ensure continu- fined by the Board of Directors.
ity of the Group. For this reason, Ferrari has devel-
oped varying appetites to achieve different strategic FERRARI’S ORGANIZATION OF THE INTERNAL
objectives, focusing attention on all relevant risk lev- CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
els, from risk management to internal control.
To assess risks affecting the Company’s activ- The System involves a plurality of organizational
ities and the effectiveness of the internal control units and actors, requiring both coordination among
system, Ferrari has in place an internal control and each other and room to operate interdependent-
risk management system (the “System”) based ly, guaranteeing complementarity in the objectives
on the model provided by the COSO Framework pursued and in the rules of operation.
(“Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the In order to ensure the adequateness of the
Tradeway Commission Report—Enterprise Risk System, Ferrari has allocated roles and responsi-
Management model”) and the principles of the Dutch bilities among the relevant organizational units and
Corporate Governance Code. actors based on the international best practice of
Our System consists of a set of rules, procedures the “Three Lines of Controls Model”.
and organizational structures aimed at contributing Below is a graphic representation of Ferrari’s Three
proactively to the following objectives: Lines Model which includes in addition to 1st, 2nd
and 3rd Line, the oversight roles performed by
safeguard of Ferrari’s heritage; the various actors involved (Board of Directors,
efficient and effective management of the Group ESG Committee, Audit Committee, Compensation
in line with corporate strategies; Committee, and other supervisory bodies of entities
reliability, accuracy and integrity of the infor- controlled by the Group). For additional information
mation provided to corporate bodies and to the please refer to the “—Corporate Governance” sec-
market, and tion of this Report.
FERRARI’S THREE LINES MODEL
Board of Directors
Other Supervisory
OVERSIGHT Bodies
ESG Committee Audit Committee Compensation Committee (of controlled legal entities*)
Internal Control
3rd LINE Internal Audit
Comittee
Compliance, Strategic, Operational and Reporting
2nd Line
2nd LINE Enterprise Group Other Functions Corporate
Risk Management Compliance Sustainability SOX (that can also perform Committee
2nd Line activities)
1st LINE Management
*Where applicable/mandatory by law
Each line of control has different functions with ities that each operating unit applies to their
clearly defined boundaries: processes to ensure operations are carried out
properly. Such activities, the primary responsi-
The first line of control identifies, assesses and bility of which lies with the management of the
manages the relevant risks and subsequently applicable operating units, are considered an
elaborates and implements specific response integral part of corporate operations. This first
actions. It comprises the set of control activ- line of control comprises core business Risk
319
320
Owners, staff functions Risk Owners and the such units and people. It is therefore important to
Ferrari Leadership Team. The managers of each establish methods of coordination and collabora-
operating unit are required, within the scope of tion between the various departments and people
their activities and responsibilities, to ensure the involved to facilitate both the overall functioning of
System functions properly and effectively; the System as well as unambiguous and consistent
The second line of control monitors the main reporting of the risks to which the Group is exposed
risks to ensure the controls implemented by the to the top management and the relevant corpo-
first line are appropriate and effective. It also rate bodies. With this goal in mind, in December
provides support to the first line of control in the 2023, our System was enhanced with the creation
identification and assessment of the main risks, of a new department tasked with coordinating
as well as in the implementation of management the system as a whole: the Internal Audit, Risk and
procedures, and related controls, necessary to Compliance Department, which reports directly
address those risks. This control line is entrust- to the CEO and works to ensure, in an integrated
ed to compliance, strategic, operational and manner, that business operations are conducted
reporting functions. Additionally, on a case-by- with transparency, in the interests of shareholders
case basis and depending on the significance and all stakeholders.
of the risk, specific corporate departments can The Internal Audit, Risk and Compliance depart-
be assigned tasks pertaining to the second-line ment reports to the Chief Internal Audit, Risk &
concerning specific risk areas; Compliance Officer, who in turn reports to the CEO,
• The third line of control provides for indepen- and comprises the following groups:
dent and objective assurance and advisory ac-
• tivities, and it is aimed at assessing the adequacy Enterprise Risk Management, the purpose of
of internal control, risk management and cor- which is to create an organized system for iden-
porate governance processes according to a tifying, assessing, managing, and monitoring
risk-based approach. Third-line controls and ac- major risks that could compromise the achieve-
tivities fall within the remit of the Internal Audit ment of our strategic, operational and financial
department which carries out checks on the objectives.
structure and effectiveness of the System. Compliance, the purpose of which is to ensure
that the actions taken within the Company are
The Board of Directors designs, implements, and consistent with the applicable rules of ethics, laws
maintains internal risk management and control and regulations, as well as Ferrari’s internal pro-
systems. In executing such responsibilities, it is as- cedures, in order to increase the confidence of
sisted by the Audit Committee, which is responsible stakeholders in the fairness of our management.
for: advising the Board of Directors, acting under Internal Audit, the purpose of which is to pro-
the authority delegated by the Board of Directors vide an independent and objective assessment
with reference to internal controls and risk man- of the adequacy of our Internal Control and Risk
agement systems and supporting in assessing the Management System as well as of the efficiency
operating effectiveness of the internal controls and of operations conducted within Ferrari. This is
risk management systems through all the activities, achieved through the execution of, among oth-
controls and informative flows presented in this ers, operational, compliance, financial and tech-
chapter of the Annual Report. nology audits as well as consulting activities de-
The Ferrari Leadership Team is responsible for signed to enhance and protect company assets
the deployment and maintenance of a risk manage- and relevant information also providing support
ment system across our business functions. The FLT to internal stakeholders in the implementation of
reviews the risk management framework and the projects, as applicable. The Internal Audit func-
Company’s key global risks on a regular basis. For tion continues to report to the Audit Committee
risks deemed to be significant, comprehensive risk of the Board of Directors of Ferrari N.V.
response plans are developed and reviewed on a reg-
ular basis to ensure the actions are relevant and suffi- Within the area of responsibility of the Chief Financial
cient. Our risk management framework is discussed Officer, the following two groups work on the sec-
with the Group’s Audit Committee on a regular basis. ond line of control:
Moreover, the Company has adopted a specific
Internal Control and Risk Management System Policy, Sox Compliance, the purpose of which is over-
approved by the Audit Committee in May 2023, with seeing the internal control over financial report-
the aim to provide for a clear attribution of respon- ing (ICFR) system and ensuring compliance, ev-
sibilities relating to the governance, monitoring and ery year, with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
reporting of the main risks and interrelationships Sustainability, the purpose of which is to interpret
between the organizational units and the bodies external changes in the field of sustainability and
responsible for risk management and control. integrating them into our strategy and processes
As noted above, the System involves a plurality effectively, taking into consideration, among oth-
of departments and actors: its correct function- er things, the needs of our stakeholders.
ing depends on productive interactions between
322
Moreover, there are other departments within the 4. Risk Assessment & Measurement: established
Group (e.g. Ecology, Health & Safety, etc.) that can activities that allow Ferrari to identify, assess and
perform, on a non-exclusive basis, second-line con- quantify potential risks on a regular basis. This
trols and monitoring activities on specific areas, also activity allows Ferrari to consider the potential
working in coordination with the above-mentioned impact that events may have on the achievement
functions through dedicated information flows. of the Company’s objectives. Risks are assessed
Ferrari has also established an Internal Control using likelihood, impact, readiness and velocity
Committee with the aim of supervising the System level criteria.
and facilitating an integrated approach to risks and 5. Risk Management & Monitoring: management’s
controls by the function involved and other depart- response to manage, mitigate, avoid, share or
ments that perform control activities. accept risk. Risk management efforts create val-
The Internal Control Committee meets at least ue through information on risks and controls to
on a quarterly basis and is composed of the CFO improve business performance. Systematically
(Chairman), the General Counsel, the Chief Digital monitoring the identified risks and management
Transformation Officer, the Chief Internal Audit, Risk activities against established metrics allows for
and Compliance Officer, the Chief Human Resources timely and proactive response where warrant-
Officer, the Chief Accounting Officer and represen- ed. Key Risk Indicators (“KRIs”) are reviewed to
tatives from the following departments: Investor ensure their consistency with the identified risks
Relations and Sustainability, Group SOX, Internal and their trends are analyzed to identify needs for
Audit, Enterprise Risk Management, Compliance, Tax further remediation plans. KRIs are monitored
Risk and Enterprise Cybersecurity. each trimester, semester, or year, where the fre-
Companies in the Group, in accordance with quency of monitoring depends on a series of ele-
the applicable individual regulations, can have their ments such as: being connected to company top
own control bodies such as Board of Statutory risks, frequency of change, data availability.
Auditors and/or other Supervisory Bodies which 6. Risk Reporting: reporting of risk and related
are tasked with, among other things, overseeing the information (e.g. mitigation activities) provides
compliance with the principles of correct business genuine insight into the strengths and weakness-
management and regulations and the adequacy of es of the risk management process. Disclosure
the internal control and risk management system of risk management information to key internal
as well as of the organizational, administrative and and external stakeholders supports the deci-
accounting structure. sion-making processes.
FERRARI’S ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT RISK STRATEGY & APPETITE
PROCESS
The risk appetite of Ferrari (i.e., the level of risk that
The Ferrari ERM system is based on the above-men- Ferrari is willing to accept to achieve its objectives) is
tioned COSO ERM Framework. applied to our strategy, Code of Conduct, corporate
The Ferrari Enterprise Risk Management sys- values and policies. Such risk appetite is measured
tem is oriented by and structured in six different and tracked thanks to the so-called “Risk Appetite
components: Framework”.
The Risk Appetite Framework is integrated
1. Risk Governance: a structure through which our in all corporate decision-making levels. It defines
organization directs, manages and reports its Ferrari’s risk profile, provides explicit boundaries to
risk management activities. The Risk Governance risk levels within which the management is expected
structure encompasses clearly defined roles to safely operate, and iteratively reviews risk values,
and responsibilities, decision-making powers, metrics, and limits.
risk operating model and reporting lines.
2. Risk Culture: the values and the attitude con-
sistent with our risk management culture are
communicated and understood at all levels of
the organization, with the aim of increasing the
diffusion of a risk culture, fostering a common
risk language and the sharing of information and
experiences related to risks.
3. Risk Strategy & Appetite: our risk management
principles are intended to enable the achieve-
ment of our business plan, goals and strategic
objectives. Our risk appetite is balanced through
risk tolerance, limits and associated protocols to
be activated in case of a breach, to ensure risk
levels’ control within our organization.
The risks, divided into specific categories as set out in the table below,
are all relevant to the Ferrari business in different ways and their order
of appearance does not reflect a ranking by significance.
Risk category Risk description Overall appetite Risk appetite statement
Strategic risks (S) Risks which affect or Moderate Ferrari is willing to accept moderate risks in order to
are created by Ferrari’s achieve its strategic objectives. Ferrari recognizes the
business strategy and could need of continuing to invest in research and development
affect Ferrari’s long-term to design and build technically innovative, aesthetically
positioning and performance. iconic and highly performing cars able to deliver the
most “driving thrills” and feature design excellence.
Strategic risks are taken in a responsible way considering
all stakeholders’ interests in order to preserve Ferrari’s
brand exclusivity, a high level of demand, the unique
customer experience and the current technological and
regulatory trends.
Operational risks (O) Risks which impact the Moderate Ferrari seeks to minimize operational risks on its business
internal processes, people, plans by implementing a manufacturing system capable
systems and/or external of flexibly meeting expected targets, maintaining a
resources of the organization quality of products and services in line with Ferrari’s
and affect Ferrari’s ability to customers’ expectations, developing and retaining talents
implement its business plan. within the organization, securing business continuity as
well as production line performances and ensuring the
adequacy of our business partners.
Financial risks (F) Risks which include areas Low Ferrari has a cautious approach with respect to financial
such as valuation, currency, risks. Ferrari continuously seeks to improve and
liquidity, commodity and strengthen its financial position in order to generate the
impairment risks. required cash to finance its operations and reward its
stakeholders.
Compliance risks (C) Risks of non-compliance Zero tolerance Ferrari does not tolerate infringements of, and abides
with laws, regulations, to, all applicable laws and regulations through the
local standards, code of implementation of preventive measures and the rigorous
conduct, internal policies enforcement of its internal Code of Conduct. This ensures
and procedures, standards that ethics and integrity are respected and the promotion
related to financial and of its values.
sustainability reporting.
Reputational risks (R) Risks which affect Ferrari’s Zero tolerance Ferrari strives to protect and enhance its reputation by
brand image, credibility and/ mitigating all the potential threats that could influence
or integrity Ferrari’s reputation, credibility and the operational
integrity, while constantly increasing its brand awareness.
Health, Safety and Risks which affect health and Zero Tolerance Ferrari does not tolerate risks that could have effect on
Environmental risks (H) safety and the environment its employees or clients as well as on the surrounding
environment.
INTEGRATED RISK ASSESSMENT at inherent-risk level, i.e. without considering
mitigation actions in place, and
The integrated risk assessment, which is carried at residual-risk level, i.e. taking into account ac-
out annually, is a structured and systematic pro- tion taken to mitigate the risk.
cess for identifying, assessing and prioritizing main
corporate risks. In performing the analysis at inherent and residual
Different departments of the System are involved level, we analyze the potential impact, i.e. the poten-
in the process to obtain a shared and complete pic- tial consequences when a risk manifests itself, as
ture of risk exposure and to prevent overlaps in the well as the potential probability and velocity of this
activities which must be performed. happening.
The integrated risk assessment consists of the Risk events are measured and assessed accord-
following activities: ing to the following parameters:
• •
Identification and description of the main risks likelihood, intended as the probability that an
that could affect achievement of corporate ob- event may occur; it can be measured in one of
jectives, grouped by business area, organiza- three different metrics: quantitative, qualitative
tional department, functional area, and, where or frequency;
necessary, process. impact, intended as the effect on company tar-
Performance of risk assessment and analysis: gets and operations of a risk event involving the
323
324
Strategic, Financial, Compliance, Health & Safety, within the heat-map, it is a relevant to the identifica-
Environmental or Operational and Reputational tion of risk priorities and mitigating actions.
component of the business;
readiness, intended as the maturity and effi- KEY RISKS
ciency of the existing risk management systems
and processes relevant to that risk event; A non-exhaustive summary of risks and uncer-
velocity, defined as the time that elapses between tainties faced by Ferrari are described in the Risk
the occurrence of a certain risk event and the Factors section of this Annual Report.
point at which the company first feels its effects. In this section we present as an example one
risk for each risk category providing description of
For all risks, three of the aforementioned variables control and mitigation actions implemented by the
(likelihood, impact and readiness) are assessed in- Company to reduce risks overall exposure.
dependently. The combination of these elements The list of risks and mitigating actions presented
allows us to determine the overall risk exposure. below is not exhaustive and the sequence in which
Based on such overall risk exposure, each identified these risks and mitigating actions are described
risk can be positioned into four different risk areas does not reflect any order of importance, likelihood
(from most to least severe: Tier 1, Tier 2, Watching of occurrence or mitigating actions effectiveness.
Area, Residual Area). The risks positioned in the Tier Mitigating actions are assessed in accordance to the
1 or Tier 2 areas are considered as “Top Risks” for roles, responsibilities and methodologies described
the Group and represent the Group’s material risks. in the "Principal Characteristics of the Internal
While velocity does not contribute to the assessment Control System and Internal Control Over Financial
of the overall risk exposure or of a risk’s positioning Reporting" section of this Report.
Risk category Risk Risk description Mitigating Actions
Strategic Technology, The introduction of electric technology in our cars • Heavy investments in R&D to maintain leading
risks (S) Product and is costly and its long-term success is uncertain. position in high performance car technology
Regulation A failure in the challenge to make Ferrari new and our competitive position
electric models appealing, in renewing style over • As technologies change, Ferrari upgrades
time, in differentiating ICE from hybrid/electric and adapts its cars through the introduction
cars and in differentiating new models from older of new models to keep providing cars with
models could impact our ability to meet the tastes the latest and best-in-class technology
of clients and prospects. • Car pricing strategies to recoup the
investments and expenditures sustained in
product and technology development
• Monitoring of luxury car market,
technological evolution, social trends (for
example connectivity expectations) and
changes in our customer experiences to offer
the most appealing future models possible
Operational Production All cars and engines are internally manufactured • In the last 15 years, Ferrari increased
risks (O) Disruption at our production facility in Maranello. We investments to reduce the extent of possible
manufacture all of car chassis in a nearby damages from earthquakes and fires and
facility in Modena. has been implementing different activities to
Our Maranello or Modena plants could become mitigate climate change risks. For example,
unavailable permanently or temporarily for a to mitigate floods risk, the Company has
number of reasons, including contamination, implemented alert systems to monitor
power shortage, labor strikes or events related possible floods near corporate facilities as
to information technology business continuity. If well as floods management tools like flow
major disasters such as earthquakes, fires, floods, diverters and pumps
hurricanes, wars, terrorist attacks, pandemics or • To avoid impacts on the information
other events occur, our headquarters, as well as technology business continuity Ferrari
our Formula 1 activities and production facilities, implemented disaster recovery plans
may be seriously damaged, or we may have to stop • Insurance coverages have been structured to
or delay the production and shipment of our cars. avoid financial impacts from natural events
• Safety stock for critical components
Financial Exchange Ferrari operates in numerous markets worldwide • Foreign exchange hedging instruments
risks (F) Rate and is exposed to market risks stemming from authorized within the Company’s foreign
Fluctuations, fluctuations in currency and, to a lesser extent, exchange risk management policy
Interest Rate interest rates and commodity prices. • Monitoring interest rate movements for
Changes, The exposure to foreign exchange rate risks is hedging purposes and execution of the
Commodity mainly linked to our cash flow from revenues foreseen interest rate caps
Prices, denominated in currencies different from the • Commodity hedging instruments defined and
Credit Risk ones connected to purchases or production authorized for specific commodities’ price
and Other activities. We incur a large portion of our capital exposure risk
Market Risks and operating expenses in Euro while we receive • Credit approval policies applied to dealers
the majority of our revenues in currencies and retail clients
other than Euro. • Bank guarantees, pre-payments (also title of
the vehicle for the financial services business
Compliance Non- We are subject to comprehensive and constantly • Increasing knowledge and awareness of
risks (C) compliance evolving laws, regulations and policies throughout laws, regulations, standards and codes
with Laws, the world. We expect that legal and regulatory through specific training and/or internal
Regulations, requirements affecting our business and our communication to the relevant departments
Codes, Local costs of compliance will continue to increase • Specific project teams activated in case of
Standards, significantly in scope and complexity in the new requirements to put in place the required
including, future. Evolving regulatory requirements could organizational and process changes
those significantly affect our product development plans • Increasing internal compliance awareness
related to and may limit the number and types of cars we and effective communication between
financial and sell and where we sell them, which may adversely central compliance team and managers
sustainability affect our revenue and operating results. working at the subsidiary level
reporting • Communicating and implementing business
conduct standards internally
• Maintaining a global whistle blower
procedure
• Training activities in order to increase
awareness of personal data management
• Internal organizational structure focused on
privacy and adoption of a procedural system
focused on privacy matters
Reputational Brand Image The preservation and enhancement of the value • Structured process of selection and
risks (R) of the Ferrari brand is crucial in driving revenue management of business partners
and demand for our cars. The perception and (e.g. selection of licensing-franchising
recognition of the Ferrari brand are of strategic partners, preventive controls on suppliers,
importance and depend on many factors such enhancement of the client community, Ferrari
as design, technology, performance, quality and Academy training center for dealers, etc.)
image of our cars, as well as the appeal of our • Preservation of brand value (e.g. with an
dealerships and stores, the success of our client internal function dedicated to monitoring
activities, and our general profile, including our and maximizing the residual value of Ferrari
brand’s image of exclusivity. cars, monitoring of pre-owned market and
estimating evolution of residual values, etc.)
• Social media management (e.g. close
monitoring of social media and Ferrari
perception, adoption of a Ferrari Social Media
Practice)
• Adoption of a Ferrari Social Media Practice
Health, Climate We are subject to climate-related risks in the • Scenario analysis of physical and transitional
Safety and Change conduct our business. Physical impacts of climate climate change risks, covering the 2030 to
Environmental change, including natural disasters and adverse 2050 period, to build an effective resilience
risk (H) weather, could result in disruptions to us, our strategy
suppliers, vendors, customers and logistics hubs. • Mapping our direct and indirect emissions
These risks may also exacerbate other risks, • Mapping specific suppliers’ carbon footprint
some of which described in the “Risk Factors” and raising awareness to improve bottom
section of this Annual Report, including but not up information sharing by requiring both
limited to our competitiveness, products’ demand, current carbon footprint and reduction
consumer preferences, availability and price of roadmap
raw materials. • Identification of co-designers and new
innovation / product development activities,
also considering CO potential impacts
• Monitoring fleet emissions over time
RISK MANAGEMENT & MONITORING For each material risk identified, one of the following
risk response strategy is assigned to such risk:
Ferrari has adopted a specific framework (called Reduce: to reduce the residual risk exposure;
“Risk Response Strategy”) to define specific mitiga- Avoid: to avoid the residual risk exposure;
tion plans for each relevant risk identified through Share: to transfer/share the residual risk expo-
the yearly integrated risk assessment, as described sure;
above. The first line of control is responsible for iden- Accept: no further actions plan to be defined,
tifying and implementing the mitigation action able monitoring of operational activities.
to reduce the company risk exposure. Enterprise
Risk Management: Enterprise Risk Management monitors on regu-
lar basis the mitigation actions status to promptly
supports the first line of control in identifying evaluate the updated overall risk exposure for each
and implementing the mitigation actions; material risk identified. The results of mitigation ac-
evaluates the effectiveness of mitigation actions tions status monitoring are periodically reported to
to reduce the company risk exposure. Ferrari Leadership Team.
325
326
RISK REPORTING gating the possibility that financial reporting will con-
tain any material misstatements.
Ferrari has developed a clear framework of infor- In accordance with international best practices,
mation flows to corporate governance and control the Group has two principal types of control in place:
bodies to provide with timely and appropriate infor-
mation concerning both the results and any trouble controls that operate at Group or subsidiary lev-
encountered during the activity carried out by the el, such as delegation of authorities and respon-
different departments involved in internal control sibilities, separation of duties, and assignment
and risk management system. Based on that, the of access rights to information technology sys-
Corporate Governance and Control Bodies (e.g. Audit tems, and
Committee and Internal Control Committee) can eval- controls that operate at process level, such as
uate the necessary corrective actions without delay. authorizations, reconciliations, verification of
In particular, the risk map derived from the consistencies, etc. This category includes con-
Integrated Risk Assessment is firstly shared with trols for operating processes, controls for finan-
the top management and then presented to the cial closing processes and controls carried out
Group’s Audit Committee, with focus on the material by specific service providers. These controls
risk areas, the mitigation activities implemented, any can be preventive (i.e., designed to prevent er-
management strategies that must be adopted and rors or fraud that could result in misstatements
their priority. in financial reporting) or detective (i.e., designed
to reveal errors or fraud that have already oc-
INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL curred). These controls may also be classified as
REPORTING manual or automatic, such as application-based
controls relating to the technical characteristics
Starting from October 2015, Ferrari N.V. is listed on and configuration of information technology
the NYSE, while from January 2016 Ferrari N.V. is systems supporting business activities.
also listed on the Euronext Milan.
Our shares’ listing on regulated markets involves An assessment of the design and operating ef-
being compliant with the related securities regula- fectiveness of key controls is carried out through
tions and listing rules. In particular, publicly traded tests performed periodically during the year by the
companies filing financial statements with the SEC Internal Audit, both at Group and subsidiary level, us-
are required to comply with the Sarbanes Oxley Act ing sampling techniques recognized as best practic-
requirements, in particular sections 302, 404 and 906 es internationally.
that involve a periodical management assessment of The assessment of the controls may require the
internal controls and CEO and CFO Certifications of definition of compensating controls and plans for
Periodic Financial Reports and SEC Filings. In addi- remediation and improvement. The results of moni-
tion, our independent registered public accounting toring are subject to periodic review by the manager
firm is also required to report on the effectiveness responsible for the Company’s financial reporting
of the internal control over financial reporting. and communicated by him to senior management
Under the COSO Internal Control-Integrated and to the Audit Committee.
Framework, according to which the internal con-
trol system is defined as a set of rules, procedures In light of and as set out above, our internal risk man-
and tools designed to provide reasonable assur- agement and control systems provide reasonable
ance of the achievement of corporate objectives, comfort that material operational and compliance
Ferrari has developed an Internal Control System risks faced by the company are effectively managed
over the Financial Reporting in order to assure and no significant deficiency in the effectiveness of
completeness, accuracy and reliability of the group the internal risk management and control systems
financial reporting. has been identified. Concerning the financial report-
Within the abovementioned context, identifi- ing risk, please refer to the section “Management’s
cation and evaluation of the risk of misstatements Report On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting”
which could have material effects on financial However, given the inherent limitations of internal
reporting is carried out through a risk assessment risk management and control systems, the assess-
process that uses a top-down approach to iden- ment of the effectiveness of the design and opera-
tify the organizational entities, processes and the tion of these systems cannot provide absolute cer-
related accounts, in addition to specific activities tainty that material risks have been identified and
that could potentially generate significant errors. mitigated at all times. This statement is solely made
Under the methodology adopted by the Company, for the purposes of compliance with the best prac-
risks and related controls are associated with the tice provision 1.4.3 of the Dutch Governance Code
accounting and business processes upon which and does not constitute an attestation under section
accounting information is based. 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or any other form of
Significant risks identified through the assess- in-control statement or attestation.
ment process require definition and evaluation of
key controls that address those risks, thereby miti-
REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS (1)
REMUNERATION STRATEGY FOR THE
2025 FINANCIAL YEAR
INTRODUCTION
The description below summarizes the guidelines Our remuneration policy is aligned with Dutch law
and the principles followed by Ferrari in order to and the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. In par-
define and implement the remuneration policy ap- ticular, the Dutch Corporate Governance Code re-
plicable to the executive Directors and non-execu- quires listed companies to disclose certain infor-
tive Directors of the Company, as well as members mation about the compensation of their Board and
of the Ferrari Leadership Team (FLT). In addition, this executive Directors. Through this remuneration
section provides the remuneration paid to these in- strategy, Ferrari fulfills the requirements of the
dividuals for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Dutch Corporate Governance Code ensuring full
form and amount of compensation received by the transparency with our shareholders.
Directors of Ferrari for the year ended December
31, 2025 was determined in accordance with the re- REMUNERATION PRINCIPLES
muneration policy.
The Compensation Committee oversees the The main goal of Ferrari’s remuneration strategy is
remuneration policy, remuneration plans and prac- to develop a system which consistently supports the
tices of Ferrari and recommends changes when business strategy and value creation for all share-
appropriate. The Committee is solely comprised of holders, establishing a compensation structure that
non-executive Directors who are independent pur- allows us to attract and retain the most highly quali-
suant to the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. fied executive talents and motivate such executives
Through this document, Ferrari aims to provide its to achieve business and financial goals that create
stakeholders with a high level of transparency and long-term value for shareholders in a manner con-
disclosure in order to strengthen the trust they sistent with our core business and leadership values
and the market place in Ferrari, as well as provide and taking into account the social context around
them with the information they need to assess the the Company.
Company’s remuneration principles and exercise In defining the remuneration strategy, the
shareholders’ rights in an informed manner. The Compensation Committee has taken into account
Company may from time to time amend the remu- certain principles which characterize Ferrari’s
neration policy, subject to our shareholders’ approval remuneration policy, such as:
when necessary. This Compensation Report con-
sists of two sections: 1. the identity, mission and values of the Company,
to attract, retain and reward skilled women and
Remuneration strategy: our current remunera- men who constitute the soul of the Company.
tion policy (which is available on our corporate Their passion, courage, creativity, ambition and
website) governs compensation for both ex- pride constitute the essence of Ferrari and fuel
ecutive and non-executive Directors. In 2025, its legend to ever greater heights. Being Ferrari
Ferrari confirmed these remuneration features means being part of a unique future-focused
through the positive vote expressed by share- team in which people are the most valuable re-
holders in the Annual General Meeting held on source. Together with all our employees we have
April 22, 2025 (the “2025 AGM”). crafted the vision, mission and values that are
the very essence of being part of Ferrari and
Our current remuneration strategy further which guide our employees as we tackle our
strengthens the alignment with shareholders’ in- day-to-day challenges;
terests and long-term sustainability of our business, 2. the provision of statutory requirements, with
adopting certain updates to reflect developing best specific focus on the Shareholder Rights
practices in the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Directive (Directive (EU) 2017/828) and the imple-
mentation thereof into Dutch law;
Implementation of remuneration strategy: de- 3. international competitive remuneration market
tails how remuneration features have been im- trends, based on the idea that it is becoming in-
plemented during the 2025 financial year and creasingly challenging to attract and retain em-
actual remuneration received by each executive ployees in today’s competitive labor market. For
Director and non-executive Director. our executive Directors and members of the FLT,
fixed remuneration, short-term incentive oppor-
tunities and long-term incentive opportunities
are calculated based on the position and respon-
sibilities assigned to each, taking into account
average remuneration levels on the market for
positions with similar levels of responsibility
and managerial complexity in large internation-
327
328
al companies, in order to maintain high levels of 6. the views of the Board of Directors, members
competitiveness and engagement; of the FLT, other senior leaders and all employ-
4. corporate governance and executive remuner- ees, in order to make the health and safety of the
ation best practices as expressed by institution- Company’s employees essential to the success-
al investor guidelines, developing a remunera- ful conduct and future growth of the Company. In
tion policy compliant with the Dutch Corporate this respect and in line with the Dutch Corporate
Governance Code and the interest of Ferrari’s Governance Code, the internal pay ratio is an im-
shareholders. We analyze any gaps in each of our portant input for determining the remuneration
remuneration components in order to provide a for the Board of Directors, and
high level of alignment with the main guidelines 7. the centrality for Ferrari of value creation and
of our stakeholders; the interest of our shareholders, the importance
5. the societal context around and social support of which is recognized through the use of Total
in respect of the Company, developing a specif- Shareholder Return (TSR) as a performance met-
ic focus on trends in sustainability among our ric in the Company’s long-term incentive plans.
employees. We aim to provide a healthy and safe The Compensation Committee believes that the
workplace for all employees and stakeholders by use of relative TSR remains one of the most ap-
implementing a high level of safety standards to propriate measures of long-term performance
avoid potential risks to people, assets or the envi- for Ferrari. The structure of our PSU awards
ronment, in order to guarantee an optimal work- demonstrates the centrality of this factor and
ing environment for all employees and attract the helps to promote a strong correlation between
best talents. Our results in this field reflect, once pay and performance for our executives.
again, our strategic commitment to protecting
the environment and ensuring personal safety;
The main principles of Ferrari’s remuneration policy are outlined in the
chart below:
01 Alignment with Ferrari Strategy
Compensation is strongly linked to the achievement of target aligned with the Company's
publically disclosed objectives.
02 Pay For Performance
Compensation must reinforce our performance driven culture and meritocracy.
Our incentive plans are based on peer and market benchmarked performance metrics.
03 Competitiveness
Programs are designed to recruit, motivate and reward Executive Directors and members
of the FLT delivering operational and strategic performance over time.
Compensation program provisions and financial objectives are evaluated on an annual basis
and modified in accordance with industry and business conditions.
04 Long-Term Shareholder Value Creation
Target triggering any variable compensation payment aligned to interests of shareholders.
Our compensation structure places an appropriate amount of compensation at risk based
on long-term results.
05 Compliance
Ferrari compensation policies and plans are designed to comply with applicable laws
and corporate governance requirements.
OVERVIEW OF REMUNERATION ELEMENTS fourth pillars of Ferrari’s remuneration policy
(“Alignment with Ferrari’s Strategy” and “Long-
As anticipated above, Ferrari’s current remuner- Term Shareholder Value Creation”) with the aim
ation policy was approved by shareholders at the to align the behavior of executives critical to the
2024 AGM and will be resubmitted to a vote by the business with shareholders’ interests, motivate
Company’s General Meeting at least every four executives to achieve long-term strategic objec-
years. The structure of the remuneration applicable tives, and enhance retention of key resources;
to our executive Directors, non-executive Directors Non-Monetary Benefits which are related
and other key management under Ferrari’s remu- to the overall remuneration and linked to the
neration policy has not changed in 2025 and consists third pillar of Ferrari’s remuneration policy
of the following elements: (“Competitiveness”).
Fixed Remuneration linked to the third pillar of Ferrari’s remuneration policy provides that a sub-
Ferrari’s remuneration policy (Competitiveness) stantial portion of the compensation of our exec-
with the objective of attracting, retaining and utive Directors and members of the FLT should be
motivating our qualified executives and effec- “at-risk”, meaning that each will receive a certain
tive leaders. For this reason, we periodically percentage of his or her total compensation only
benchmark comparable salaries paid to exec- to the extent Ferrari and the executive accom-
utives with similar experience by comparable plish short- and long-term goals established by the
companies; Compensation Committee.
Short-Term Incentives (STI) linked to the first
and second pillars of Ferrari’s remuneration STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
policy (“Alignment with Ferrari’s Strategy” and
Pay for Performance”) and tied to specific finan- The Compensation Committee regularly reviews
cial targets which are set at challenging levels; the Directors’ remuneration policy against the best
short-term incentives are also linked to the con- corporate governance practices adopted by insti-
tribution of the individual member (“Individual tutional shareholders and the recommendations of
Performance Factor”) in order to motivate its the main proxy advisors, while also considering the
beneficiaries to achieve challenging targets. In view of the stakeholders on the remuneration policy
particular, Ferrari’s 2025 achievements, suc- and main features of the compensation report.
cess and developments were driven by organi- In this respect, at the 2025 AGM shareholders
zation-wide alignment with the Company’s strat- approved the remuneration report for the year 2024
egy and values, through incentives that reward (the “2024 Ferrari Remuneration Report”) and the
the achievement of those goals; voting results are reflected in the following table:
Long-Term Incentives (LTI) linked to the first and
Resolution Votes For % Votes % Votes Total Abstain
Against
2.c - Remuneration Report 2024 188,061,200 98.68% 2,511,369 1.32% 190,572,569 804,009
(discussion and advisory vote)
Considering the previous vote of the Annual General to pursue our objective of providing our stakehold-
Meeting of shareholders and to further under- ers each year with clear and comprehensive disclo-
stand shareholders’ feedback to the 2024 Ferrari sure of the decisions relating to the remuneration
Remuneration Report, we engaged with our stake- of our executive and non-executive Directors and
holders prior to drafting the remuneration report members of the FLT.
for the year 2025. We believe that those conversa- The remuneration report for the year 2025 is
tions have been very constructive and have led to subject to a consultative vote at the Annual General
improvements in our remuneration report. Meeting of Shareholders scheduled for April 15, 2026.
Through this remuneration report we continue
329
330
REMUNERATION STRUCTURE FOR 2025 AND OUTLOOK 2026
The purpose and features of the different elements of our remuneration
structure for 2025 which will remain unchanged for 2026 are outlined in
the table below:
Component Purpose Terms and Conditions 2025 Implementation and Outlook
2026
Remuneration • Attract, retain and motivate Ferrari’s remuneration structure is • Offer a highly competitive
Structure highly qualified executives to organized as follows: compensation package
achieve challenging results compared to the roles with the
• Competitively position • Fixed remuneration same managerial complexity
our compensation • Short-term incentives and responsibilities within
package compared to • Long-term incentives comparable companies,
the compensation of • Non-monetary benefits comprised of those represented
comparable companies, by the Reference Panel.
mainly represented by
the reference panel and
companies that compete for
similar Talents
• Reinforce our performance
driven culture and
meritocracy
Fixed Reward skills, contribution and • Executive Chairman: Fixed remuneration Executive Chairman:
Remuneration experience required for the is set in relation to the delegated powers €500,000 annually.
position held assigned over the term and positions CEO:
held in line with the Reference Panel €2,000,000 annually.
based on yearly benchmarking (see Non-Executive Directors:
“Benchmarking for Executive Directors $75,000 annually.
Remuneration” Paragraph). FLT Members:
• CEO: Fixed remuneration is set in relation The fixed remuneration is related
to the delegated powers assigned over to the position held and the
the term and positions held in line with responsibilities attributed, as well
the Reference Panel (see “Benchmarking as the experience and strategic
for Executive Directors Remuneration” nature of the resource, in line
Paragraph). with Reference Panel offering for
• Non-executive Directors: Remuneration roles of similar responsibility and
of non-executive Directors is fixed complexity.
and not dependent on the Company’s
financial results. It is approved
by the Company’s shareholders
and periodically reviewed by the
Compensation Committee.
• FLT Members: The fixed remuneration
is related to the position held and the
responsibilities attributed, as well as the
experience and strategic nature of the
resources, in line with Reference Panel
offering for roles of similar responsibility
and complexity.
Short-Term • Achieve the annual financial, Short-term incentives targets: Executive Chairman: The
Incentives operational and other targets compensation package includes
and additional business • Based on achievement of annually a short-term incentive plan with
priorities predetermined performance objectives a target pay-opportunity equal to
• Motivate and guide • Annual financial, operational and other 100% of base salary and maximum
executives’ activities over the identified objectives pay-opportunity equal to 225% of
short-term period target bonus.
CEO: The compensation package
includes a short-term incentive
plan with a target pay-opportunity
equal to 150% of base salary and
maximum pay-opportunity equal to
225% of target bonus.
FLT Members: Variable incentive
percentage of fixed remuneration
based on the position held with an
average target pay-opportunity
equal to 100% of base salary and an
average maximum pay-opportunity
equal to 225% of target bonus.
Long-Term • Align the behavior of Equity Incentive Plan 2023 – 2025, Executive Chairman:
Incentives executives critical to the 2024 – 2026 and 2025 – 2027 • The Equity Incentive Plan 2023-
business with shareholders’ 2025, 2024-2026 and 2025-2027
interests • Executive Directors: awarded only PSUs provides for a target pay-
• Motivate executives to • FLT Members: awarded a combination opportunity equal to 200% of
achieve long-term strategic of PSUs and RSUs base salary and a maximum
objectives • PSUs: 40% linked to TSR compared pay-opportunity equal to 160%
• Enhance retention of key to Peer Group, 40% linked to Adjusted of target pay opportunity.
resources EBITDA, 20% linked to ESG related CEO:
• To promote creation of value Factor Goal • The Equity Incentive Plan
for the shareholders 2023-2025 and 2024-2026
provides for a target pay-
opportunity equal to 200% of
base salary and a maximum
pay-opportunity equal to 160%
of target.
• The Equity Incentive Plan 2025-
2027 provides for a target
pay-opportunity equal to 300%
of base salary and a maximum
pay-opportunity equal to 160%
of target pay opportunity.
FLT Members:
• Variable incentive percentage
of fixed remuneration based
on the position held with an
average target opportunity
equal to 125% of base salary
and a maximum pay-
opportunity equal to 160% of
target pay opportunity.
Non-Monetary • Retain executives through Represent an integral part of the Customary welfare, retirement-
Benefits a total reward approach remuneration package with welfare and related and fringe benefits such
• Enhance executive and retirement-related benefits as company cars and drivers,
employee security and personal/home security, medical
productivity insurance, accident insurance,
tax preparation and financial
counselling.
Lock Up • Ensures alignment with In 2022 a lock up provision was introduced Under the lock up provision, 50% of
Period shareholders’ interests for the Executive Chairman, the CEO, the the vested shares under the equity
members of the FLT and other key members incentive plan will be subject from
of the Group. the date of vesting to unavailability
and non-transferability for a period
determined according to the
corporate role:
• CEO and Chairman: 36 months
• FLT members: 24 months
• Other key members of the Group:
12 months
2025 REMUNERATION OF EXECUTIVE ests of Ferrari. In determining the level and structure
DIRECTORS AND FLT MEMBERS of the compensation of the executive Directors, the
non-executive Directors will take into account, among
The Board of Directors determines the compensa- other things, Ferrari’s financial and operational re-
tion for our executive Directors following the recom- sults and other business objectives, while considering
mendation of the Compensation Committee and with the executive Directors’ view concerning the level and
reference to the remuneration policy. The compensa- structure of their own remuneration. Performance
tion structure for executive Directors and FLT mem- targets are set by the Compensation Committee to be
bers includes a fixed component and a variable com- both achievable and stretching, considering Ferrari’s
ponent based on short and long-term performance. strategic priorities and the automotive landscape. The
performance measures that are used for variable
BENCHMARKING FOR EXECUTIVE components have been chosen to support Ferrari’s
DIRECTORS REMUNERATION strategy, long-term interests and sustainability.
For the abovementioned reasons, the compen-
We believe that this compensation structure pro- sation packages adopted by Ferrari are significantly
motes the interests of Ferrari in the short and the balanced towards the variable components in order
long-term and is designed to encourage the executive to reinforce the performance-driven culture and mer-
Directors and FLT members to act in the best inter- itocracy. This is in line - as per the short-term incentive
331
332
component - with the first and second pillars of Ferrari’s compensation levels and trends in the market. We
remuneration policy (see “Alignment with Ferrari’s also periodically benchmark our executive compen-
Strategy” and “Pay for Performance”) and - as per the sation program against peer companies.
long-term incentive component (which has a dominant In 2025, Ferrari conducted the periodic review
weight, as shown in the figures below) - with the first of the Reference Panel it uses to assess the com-
and fourth pillars of Ferrari’s remuneration policy (see petitiveness and alignment of the compensations
“Alignment with Ferrari’s Strategy” and “Long-Term awarded to the CEO and Executive Chairman, as well
Shareholder Value Creation”), with the ultimate aim to as to ensure the consistency of the adopted com-
align the performance with shareholders’ interests and pensation policies with the Reference Panel.
value creation in the medium- to long-term, to motivate As for the CEO, Ferrari identified an ad hoc
executives to achieve long-term strategic objectives, Reference Panel composed of 16 companies.
and to enhance retention of key resources. In continuity with previous years, Ferrari bench-
This compensation structure, inspired by marked its CEO’s total remuneration with those of
Ferrari’s remuneration policy, is mirrored in the listed companies deemed comparable with Ferrari
compensation package for the Ferrari workforce at in light of some or all of the following criteria: a) rep-
every level, in order to promote and better pursue resenting excellence and luxury in their respective
the organization-wide alignment with the Company’s sectors; b) operating in the same business as Ferrari;
strategy and values and contribute to pay-for-per- c) acting in similar sectors; d) presenting overall a
formance culture and long-term value creation. similar market capitalization, revenues and number
The structure of the compensation package of employees with Ferrari.
(base salary and variable compensation, composed Compared to 2024, the CEO’s Reference Panel
of LTI and STI components) specifically provided for was updated by adding EssilorLuxottica, which
the CEO and the Executive Chairman is aligned to, meets the selection criteria outlined above, focusing
and consistent with, the main pillars of the Ferrari’s the panel more on companies representing excel-
remuneration policy applied to the entire workforce lence, luxury and a high level brand positioning.
as well as to the best market practice and to the The companies in the Reference Panel used by
Reference Panels, as better explained below. Ferrari for the CEO’s compensation benchmarking
In this regard, we establish target compensation lev- are listed below:
els using a market-based approach and we monitor
Chief Executive Officer Reference Panel
Aston Martin Lagonda Bayerische Motoren Werke
Brembo Brunello Cucinelli
Burberry Compagnie Financiere Richemont
Ermenegildo Zegna EssilorLuxottica
Harley-Davidson Hermes International
Kering LVMH
Mercedes-Benz Group Moncler
Pirelli Porsche
The Executive Chairman’s Reference Panel com- Compared to 2024, the Executive Chairman’s
prises the companies of the CEO’s Reference Panel Reference Panel has not been updated.
which have a chairman with powers and delega-
tions comparable to the powers and authority of the
Executive Chairman (5 out of 16 of the companies in
CEO’s Reference Panel), along with four additional
companies (added in order to benchmark a statis-
tically significant number of peers and determined
based on companies that have a chairman with pow-
ers and authority comparable to the powers and au-
thority of the Executive Chairman).
The companies in the Reference Panel used by Ferrari for the Executive
Chairman’s compensation benchmarking are listed below:
Executive Chairman Reference Panel
Ariston Group Holding Aston Martin Lagonda
Brembo Brunello Cucinelli
Compagnie Financiere Richemont Ford Motors
Hermes International Prada Group
The Estèe Lauder Companies
As described above, both Reference Panels are beginning of his office (2021).
composed of companies representing excellence in The CEO’s base salary is positioned in line with
their respective sectors and offering very competi- the 75th percentile of the CEO’s Reference Panel
tive compensation levels to their executives. while the Executive Chairman’s base salary is below
The level and structure of the Executive the 25th percentile of the Executive Chairman’s
Chairman’s and CEO’s compensation packages for Reference Panel. The total target compensation
2025 have therefore been compared to the prac- for the CEO is above the 75th percentile and the
tices of the companies belonging to the abovemen- Executive Chairman’s total target compensation is
tioned Reference Panels. positioned below the 25th percentile.
During 2025, Ferrari determined it appropriate The new composition of the CEO’s compensa-
to increase the CEO remuneration package based tion package set for 2025 is aligned, in terms of pay
on the outstanding business results achieved by mix, with best market practices and consistent with
Ferrari during the current CEO’s tenure (e.g. signif- Ferrari’s pay-for-performance remuneration strat-
icant increase in terms of main economic-financial egy, which feature: (i) a higher proportion of at-risk
indicators of Ferrari, such as, market cap, EBITDA, remuneration compared to fixed remuneration, and
EBIT, Net Income), which have recognized Ferrari as (ii) a greater portion linked to long-term compared
one of the leading players in the global luxury market. with the portion based on short-term objectives.
In addition, Ferrari considered that the CEO remu- Our Executive Chairman’s and CEO’s compensa-
neration package had not been changed since the tion packages are structured as follows:
EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN’S AND CEO’S COMPENSATION PACKAGES
25% 16%
Chairman Chairman
50% target 50% maximum
amounts amounts
25% 34%
18% 11%
CEO CEO
55% target 52% maximum
amounts amounts
Share
Fixed remuneration
Short-term incentives
27% 37% Long-term incentives
333
334
On the basis of the remuneration policy objec- Our variable compensation programs are de-
tives, compensation of executive Directors and signed to recruit, motivate and reward executive
FLT members consists, inter alia, of the elements Directors and members of the FLT delivering oper-
discussed below. ational and strategic performance over time. The
provisions and financial objectives of our variable
FIXED COMPONENT compensation programs are evaluated on an an-
nual basis and modified in accordance with indus-
The primary objective of the base salary (the fixed try and business conditions.
part of the annual cash compensation) for execu-
tive Directors and FLT members is to attract and SHORT-TERM INCENTIVES
retain highly qualified senior executives. Our policy
is to periodically benchmark comparable salaries The primary objective of our performance-based
paid to executives with similar experience by com- short-term variable cash-based incentives is to in-
parable companies. centivize the executive Directors and the members
of the FLT to focus on the business priorities for the
VARIABLE COMPONENTS current or next year. The short-term incentive plan
is designed to motivate its beneficiaries to achieve
Executive Directors and FLT members are also eligi- challenging targets, by recognizing individual con-
ble to receive variable compensation subject to the tributions to the Group’s results on an annual ba-
achievement of pre-established financial and other sis. The Compensation Committee believes that it is
identified performance targets. The short and long- appropriate to use a balance of corporate financial
term components of executive Directors’ and FLT targets, strategic objectives and individual perfor-
members’ variable remuneration are linked to pre- mance objectives.
determined, assessable targets in order to create The methodology for calculating payouts under
long-term value for the shareholders. our short-term incentive plan is the following:
PAYOUT UNDER SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN METHODOLOGY
Base Salary X STI % Adjust opportunity Links directly to
based on business individual current
results contribution
Company Individual
Target Bonus × Performance × Performance = STI Payout
Factor Factor
The target level for both the Company Performance In 2025, the Compensation Committee defined
Factor and the Individual Performance Factor is the Company Performance Factor by reference to
100%, reaching a possible maximum level which is four metrics:
equal to the 150% of the target level for each factor,
resulting in a maximum pay-opportunity equal to Net Revenues (20%)
225% of target bonus. There is no minimum bonus Consolidated Adjusted Operating profit
payout; as a result, if none of the threshold objec- (Adjusted EBIT) (20%)
tives of Company Performance Factors are satis- Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Margin (20%)
fied, there is no bonus payment. Industrial Free Cash Flow (40%)
To determine the executive Directors’ annual
performance bonus, the non-executive Directors, The Compensation Committee established chal-
upon proposal of the Compensation Committee: lenging goals for each metric linked to budget, each
of which pays out independently. For each metric,
approve the executive Directors’ targets and performance can fluctuate between 0% and 150%
maximum allowable bonuses; of target, which is the highest possible multiplier,
select the appropriate metrics and their weighting; with 50% being the threshold level of performance
set the stretch objectives; required. Achievement of the maximum level of
consider any unusual items in a performance performance for each metric and for the Individual
year to determine the appropriate measure- Performance Factor (maximum level equal to 150%
ment of achievement, and of target) results in a maximum pay-opportunity
approve the final bonus determination. equal to 225% of target bonus.
336
The achievement of the budget target, which is strategic importance and effect on Ferrari’s results,
normally consistent with the Guidance publicly dis- taking into account standards of reasonableness
closed at the beginning of each year, implies the and fairness. The form of any such bonus (cash,
application of a multiplier equal to 100% to the rele- common shares of Ferrari or options to purchase
vant metric, and deviations within the lowest and the common shares) is determined by the non-executive
highest thresholds defined from year to year imply Directors from time to time.
a linear variation of the multipliers between 50% and No special bonuses were awarded to the execu-
150%; outside these thresholds the multiplier goes tive Directors or members of the FLT for 2025.
to zero or remains equal to 150% (which is the maxi-
mum multiplier). The overall Company Performance SHORT-TERM INCENTIVES CLAWBACK
Factor coefficient is a weighted average of those ob- CLAUSE
tained for each metric.
In addition, upon proposal of the Compensation In 2023, in furtherance of the NYSE listing require-
Committee, the non-executive Directors have ments, Ferrari introduced a clawback clause for its
authority to grant special bonuses for specific trans- short-term incentives, which allows the Company
actions that are deemed exceptional in terms of to recover part or all of the variable component of
remuneration received during the three fiscal years mer executive officers of the Company in the event
immediately preceding the date the Company is re- that the Company is required to prepare an account-
quired to prepare an accounting restatement due ing restatement.
to the material noncompliance of the Company with
any financial reporting requirement under applica- LONG-TERM INCENTIVES
ble securities laws, including any required account-
ing restatement to correct an error in previously We believe that the equity incentive plan dis-
issued financial statements that is material to the cussed below increases the alignment between the
previously issued financial statements, or that would Company’s performance and shareholder interests,
result in a material misstatement if the error were by linking the compensation opportunity of the exec-
corrected in the current period or left uncorrected utive Directors and members of the FLT to increas-
in the current period. ing shareholder value.
We have also adopted a specific policy aligned During 2025, Ferrari had three long-term equity in-
with the NYSE listing requirements (the “NYSE centive plans in place, consistent with the Company’s
Clawback Policy”). The NYSE Clawback Policy, which business plans presented at the Capital Markets Day
became effective on December 1, 2023, provides for in June 2022 and in October 2025 and awarding to
the recovery of certain erroneously awarded incen- their beneficiaries, as the case may be, a combina-
tive-based compensation earned by current or for- tion of performance share units (“PSUs”) and re-
stricted share units (“RSUs”), each representing the Company, as well as members of the FLT and other
right to receive one Ferrari common share: key employees of the Group, as beneficiaries, ended
on December 31, 2025 are provided in Section 2.
1. Equity Incentive Plan 2023-2025, approved on For the Equity Incentive Plan 2023-2025, the PSUs
February 23, 2023 by the Board of Directors, cov- are earned based on the level of achievement of
ering a performance period from 2023 to 2025, defined key performance indicators relating to: i)
having the Executive Chairman and CEO of the a relative total shareholder return (“TSR”) target
Company, as well as members of the FLT and oth- (which is relative to the TSR of a defined peer group
er key members of the Group as beneficiaries; (“Peer Group”)), ii) an Adjusted EBITDA target, and iii)
2. Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026, approved on an ESG-related factor goal.
February 22, 2024 by the Board of Directors, cov- Each target is measured independently of the
ering a performance period from 2024 to 2026, other targets and relates to separate portions of the
having the Executive Chairman and CEO of the aggregate awards.
Company, as well as members of the FLT and oth- For the Equity Incentive Plan 2023-2025, the Equity
er key members of the Group as beneficiaries. Incentive Plan 2024-2026 and the Equity Incentive
3. Equity Incentive Plan 2025-2027, approved on Plan 2025-2027, executive Directors are awarded
February 20, 2025 by the Board of Directors, cov- only PSUs. For the Equity Incentive Plan 2023-2025,
ering a performance period from 2025 to 2027, the Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026 and the Equity
having the Executive Chairman and CEO of the Incentive Plan 2025-2027, the RSUs, which are
Company, as well as members of the FLT and oth- awarded only to members of the FLT and other key
er key members of the Group as beneficiaries. employees of the Group, are service-based and vest
subject to the employees’ continued employment
Further details about vesting of Equity Incentive Plan with the Company at the time of vesting.
2023-2025, covering a performance period from Details of the equity long-term incentives granted
2023 to 2025, which will vest on March 2026 and to the Executive Chairman and CEO are summarized
having the Executive Chairman and the CEO of the below:
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2023-2025, EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2024-2026 AND EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
2025-2027
Type of Equity Long- Proportion of Equity Holding Period Performance Metrics
Term Incentive Vehicle Long-Term Grant (Weighting)
Executive Chairman Performance 100% 6 years: 3 years 1) relative TSR (40%)
and CEO Share Units performance period + 2) Adjusted EBITDA (40%)
(PSUs) 3 years Lock Up 3) ESG-related Factor Goal (20%)
The number of PSUs earned is determined based on
the level at which the three performance criteria de-
scribed below are achieved. At the end of the vesting
period, the total number of PSUs earned is equal to
the sum of:
the number of PSUs earned under the relative
TSR payout factor; plus
the number of PSUs earned under the Adjusted
EBITDA payout factor; plus
the number of PSUs earned under the ESG-
related factor goal
337
338
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2023-2025 AND EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2024-2026 MAIN FEATURES
Metrics Metrics Benchmark Rationale Link between pay and performance
(weight) (type)
Relative TSR (40%) Financial criteria Peer Group TSR is tracked for both Ferrari and the Ranking % of target awards
(11 companies: Ferrari, Aston Martin, Burberry, Estèe Lauder, Hermes, Kering, companies in the defined Peer Group
LVMH, Mercedes Benz Group AG, Moncler, Prada and Richemont) calculating: 1 175%
The starting price is the average share
2 150%
prices between 1st of December and 31st
of December of the starting equity incentive 3 125%
plan’s previous year, while the ending price
is the average share prices between 1st 4 100%
December and 31st of December of the
closing year. 5 75%
6 50%
7-8-9-10-11 0%
Adjusted EBITDA (40%) Financial criteria 5-year Business Plan 2022-2026 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net profit Performance Payout
before income tax expense, financial
(income)/expenses, net and amortization and +15% 175%
depreciation, and is an indicator of Ferrari’s
+10% 150%
profitability(1)
+5% 125%
5 Year Plan 100%
-5% 75%
< -5% 0%
ESG-related Factor Goal Non-financial criteria Project linked to Environmental and Social spheres The ESG focuses on an Environment Factor and a Social Factor:
(20%) • 50% is based on the Reduction CO Carbon Emission following the milestones of the Ferrari’s sustainability plan -Rolling KPI until
2030: for the intermediate years leading up to 2030, the amount of the incentive attributed to this KPI will be assessed based on
targets calculated through a year-by-year reduction proportional to product development up to 2030. This methodical approach
ensures a progression towards the final targets established for the year 2030, allowing for a consistent and measurable tracking of
the CO emission reduction efforts in alignment with Ferrari’s long-term sustainability objectives.
• 50% is based on the maintenance of the Equal Salary Certification or equivalent certification. The award of this certification is based
not only on equal pay for men and women, but in a more extensive way on targets of continuous improvement of Diversity and Inclusion
culture and inclusive environment.
The certification process involves both quantitative and qualitative evaluations. The quantitative evaluation, which must be surpassed to
proceed to the qualitative evaluation, consists of a detailed statistical analysis of compensation levels to verify that the gender pay gap
is lower than 5% compared to a predictive statistical salary and that the accuracy of the data used is greater than 90%. The qualitative
evaluation assesses: (i) the CEO, the FLTs and other executives’ commitment to diversity and inclusion matters, (ii) how Corporate processes
and policies are fair in terms of gender, (iii) employees’ perception of the inclusiveness of the culture and (iv) the PDCA (Plan, Do, Check, Act)
methodology application in all of the aforementioned processes.
(1) For additional information relating to this non-IFRS financial measure,
see “Financial Overview—Non-GAAP Financial Measures—EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA”
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2023-2025 AND EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2024-2026 MAIN FEATURES
Metrics Metrics Benchmark Rationale Link between pay and performance
(weight) (type)
Relative TSR (40%) Financial criteria Peer Group TSR is tracked for both Ferrari and the Ranking % of target awards
(11 companies: Ferrari, Aston Martin, Burberry, Estèe Lauder, Hermes, Kering, companies in the defined Peer Group
LVMH, Mercedes Benz Group AG, Moncler, Prada and Richemont) calculating: 1 175%
The starting price is the average share
2 150%
prices between 1st of December and 31st
of December of the starting equity incentive 3 125%
plan’s previous year, while the ending price
is the average share prices between 1st 4 100%
December and 31st of December of the
closing year. 5 75%
6 50%
7-8-9-10-11 0%
Adjusted EBITDA (40%) Financial criteria 5-year Business Plan 2022-2026 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net profit Performance Payout
before income tax expense, financial
(income)/expenses, net and amortization and +15% 175%
depreciation, and is an indicator of Ferrari’s
+10% 150%
profitability(1)
+5% 125%
5 Year Plan 100%
-5% 75%
< -5% 0%
ESG-related Factor Goal Non-financial criteria Project linked to Environmental and Social spheres The ESG focuses on an Environment Factor and a Social Factor:
(20%) • 50% is based on the Reduction CO Carbon Emission following the milestones of the Ferrari’s sustainability plan -Rolling KPI until
2030: for the intermediate years leading up to 2030, the amount of the incentive attributed to this KPI will be assessed based on
targets calculated through a year-by-year reduction proportional to product development up to 2030. This methodical approach
ensures a progression towards the final targets established for the year 2030, allowing for a consistent and measurable tracking of
the CO emission reduction efforts in alignment with Ferrari’s long-term sustainability objectives.
• 50% is based on the maintenance of the Equal Salary Certification or equivalent certification. The award of this certification is based
not only on equal pay for men and women, but in a more extensive way on targets of continuous improvement of Diversity and Inclusion
culture and inclusive environment.
The certification process involves both quantitative and qualitative evaluations. The quantitative evaluation, which must be surpassed to
proceed to the qualitative evaluation, consists of a detailed statistical analysis of compensation levels to verify that the gender pay gap
is lower than 5% compared to a predictive statistical salary and that the accuracy of the data used is greater than 90%. The qualitative
evaluation assesses: (i) the CEO, the FLTs and other executives’ commitment to diversity and inclusion matters, (ii) how Corporate processes
and policies are fair in terms of gender, (iii) employees’ perception of the inclusiveness of the culture and (iv) the PDCA (Plan, Do, Check, Act)
methodology application in all of the aforementioned processes.
(1) For additional information relating to this non-IFRS financial measure,
see “Financial Overview—Non-GAAP Financial Measures—EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA”
339
340
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2025-2027 MAIN FEATURES
Metrics Metrics Benchmark Rationale Link between pay and performance
(weight) (type)
Relative TSR (40%) Financial criteria Peer Group TSR is tracked for both Ferrari and the Ranking % of target awards
(11 companies: Ferrari, Aston Martin, Brunello companies in the defined Peer Group
Cucinelli, Burberry, Hermes, Kering, LVMH, calculating: The starting price is the average 1 175%
Moncler, Porsche AG, Prada and Richemont) share prices between 1st of December
and 31st of December of the starting 2 150%
equity incentive plan’s previous year, while
the ending price is the average share
prices between 1st December and 31st of 3 125%
December of the closing year.
4 100%
5 75%
6 50%
7-8-9-10-11 0%
Adjusted EBITDA (40%) Financial criteria 5-year Business (Plan 2026-2030) Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net profit Performance Payout
before income tax expense, financial
(income)/expenses, net and amortization and +15% 175%
depreciation, and is an indicator of Ferrari’s
+10% 150%
profitability(1)
+5% 125%
5 Year Plan 100%
-5% 75%
< -5% 0%
ESG-related Factor Goal (20%) Non-financial criteria Project linked to Environmental and Social The ESG focuses on an Environment Factor and a Social Factor:
spheres • 50% is based on the Reduction CO Carbon Emission following the milestones of the Ferrari’s sustainability plan -Rolling KPI until
2030: for the intermediate years leading up to 2030, the amount of the incentive attributed to this KPI will be assessed based on
targets calculated through a year-by-year reduction proportional to product development up to 2030. This methodical approach
ensures a progression towards the final targets established for the year 2030, allowing for a consistent and measurable tracking of
the CO emission reduction efforts in alignment with Ferrari’s long-term sustainability objectives.
The pay-out structure is:
• If neither of the two targets (neither Scope 1 and 2 nor Scope 3) is achieved, the payout is 0%.
• If only the Scope 1 and 2 target or only the Scope 3 target is achieved, the payout is 50%.
• If both the Scope 1 and 2 target and the Scope 3 target are achieved, the payout is 100%.
At December 31, 2027
Scope 1 & 2
Scope 3
0% 50% 50% 100%
• 50% is based on the level of female presence in sub-top positions, set according to Ferrari’s Diversity Policy goal as well as ESG
diversity target for management disclosed in the Annual Report goals.
For this metric, the pay-out curve is based on a linear interpolation between the threshold performance level (set at 50% of the target)
and the target level. No additional percentage of bonus will be awarded in case of overperformance.
The pay-out structure is:
At December 31, 2027
% of women in Managerial Positions < 17.4% 17.4% 18,0%
(Sub-Top) Pay-out 0% 50.0% 100% (Maximum)
(1) For additional information relating to this non-IFRS financial measure,
see “Financial Overview—Non-GAAP Financial Measures—EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA”
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2025-2027 MAIN FEATURES
Metrics Metrics Benchmark Rationale Link between pay and performance
(weight) (type)
Relative TSR (40%) Financial criteria Peer Group TSR is tracked for both Ferrari and the Ranking % of target awards
(11 companies: Ferrari, Aston Martin, Brunello companies in the defined Peer Group
Cucinelli, Burberry, Hermes, Kering, LVMH, calculating: The starting price is the average 1 175%
Moncler, Porsche AG, Prada and Richemont) share prices between 1st of December
and 31st of December of the starting 2 150%
equity incentive plan’s previous year, while
the ending price is the average share
prices between 1st December and 31st of 3 125%
December of the closing year.
4 100%
5 75%
6 50%
7-8-9-10-11 0%
Adjusted EBITDA (40%) Financial criteria 5-year Business (Plan 2026-2030) Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net profit Performance Payout
before income tax expense, financial
(income)/expenses, net and amortization and +15% 175%
depreciation, and is an indicator of Ferrari’s
+10% 150%
profitability(1)
+5% 125%
5 Year Plan 100%
-5% 75%
< -5% 0%
ESG-related Factor Goal (20%) Non-financial criteria Project linked to Environmental and Social The ESG focuses on an Environment Factor and a Social Factor:
spheres • 50% is based on the Reduction CO Carbon Emission following the milestones of the Ferrari’s sustainability plan -Rolling KPI until
2030: for the intermediate years leading up to 2030, the amount of the incentive attributed to this KPI will be assessed based on
targets calculated through a year-by-year reduction proportional to product development up to 2030. This methodical approach
ensures a progression towards the final targets established for the year 2030, allowing for a consistent and measurable tracking of
the CO emission reduction efforts in alignment with Ferrari’s long-term sustainability objectives.
The pay-out structure is:
• If neither of the two targets (neither Scope 1 and 2 nor Scope 3) is achieved, the payout is 0%.
• If only the Scope 1 and 2 target or only the Scope 3 target is achieved, the payout is 50%.
• If both the Scope 1 and 2 target and the Scope 3 target are achieved, the payout is 100%.
At December 31, 2027
Scope 1 & 2
Scope 3
0% 50% 50% 100%
• 50% is based on the level of female presence in sub-top positions, set according to Ferrari’s Diversity Policy goal as well as ESG
diversity target for management disclosed in the Annual Report goals.
For this metric, the pay-out curve is based on a linear interpolation between the threshold performance level (set at 50% of the target)
and the target level. No additional percentage of bonus will be awarded in case of overperformance.
The pay-out structure is:
At December 31, 2027
% of women in Managerial Positions < 17.4% 17.4% 18,0%
(Sub-Top) Pay-out 0% 50.0% 100% (Maximum)
(1) For additional information relating to this non-IFRS financial measure,
see “Financial Overview—Non-GAAP Financial Measures—EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA”
341
342
In relation to the vesting of the PSUs awarded to the a Monte Carlo Simulation model. The fair value of the
Executive Chairman and the CEO, the settlement of PSUs that were granted to Mr. Elkann and Mr. Vigna
all units under the plans occurs after the end of the in 2023 is €221.76 per share.
performance period (i.e., December 31, 2025 and The performance period for the Equity Incentive
December 31, 2026 and December 31, 2027), to the Plan 2024-2026 PSUs commenced on January 1,
extent that the conditions for vesting are satisfied. 2024. The fair value of the awards used for account-
The performance period for the Equity Incentive ing purposes was measured at the grant date using
Plan 2023-2025 PSUs commenced on January 1, a Monte Carlo Simulation model. The fair value of the
2023. The fair value of the awards used for account- PSUs that were granted to Mr. Elkann and Mr. Vigna
ing purposes was measured at the grant date using in 2024 is €386.05 per share.
The key assumptions used to calculate the grant-date fair values for
these awards are summarized below:
Key Assumptions PSU Awards Granted to the
Chairman and CEO in 2024
Grant date share price €390.50
Expected volatility 26.34%(1)
Dividend yield 0.61%
Risk-free rate 3.00%
(1) The expected volatility was based on the observed volatility of the defined Peer Group. The risk-free rate was based on the iBoxx
sovereign Eurozone yield.
The performance period for the Equity Incentive Plan 2025-2027 PSUs
commenced on January 1, 2025. The fair value of the awards used for
accounting purposes was measured at the grant date using a Monte
Carlo Simulation model. The fair value of the PSUs that were granted to
Mr. Elkann and Mr. Vigna in 2025 is €365.20 per share.
The key assumptions used to calculate the grant-date fair values for
these awards are summarized below:
Key Assumptions PSU Awards Granted to the
Chairman and CEO in 2025
Grant date share price €384.30
Expected volatility 25.43%(1)
Dividend yield 0.64%
Risk-free rate 2.40%
(1) The expected volatility was based on the observed volatility of the defined Peer Group. The risk-free rate was based on the iBoxx
sovereign Eurozone yield.
Any RSUs awarded to FLT members and other key that subsequently prove manifestly incorrect, if the
members of the Group are service-based and will Board of Directors determines that circumstances
vest in March 2027 or March 2028 (as applicable) that would have constituted “cause” (as defined)
conditional on the continued employment of the existed while the remuneration remained unvest-
beneficiaries with the Company or the Group at the ed or due to the beneficiaries’ fraud or negligence
time of vesting. The executive Directors were not (each, a “Recovery Event”).
awarded any RSUs in 2023, 2024 and 2025. In particular, if a Recovery Event occurs within
three years after the payment of cash or delivery
RECOUPMENT OF INCENTIVE of any shares in respect of the PSUs or RSUs, a par-
COMPENSATION (CLAWBACK POLICY) ticipant will be required to repay the net amount
received, as determined by the Board of Directors
The Equity Incentive Plans include a clawback in its discretion.
clause, which allows the Company to recover part As discussed above, the NYSE Clawback Policy
or all of the variable component of remuneration also governs the recovery of certain erroneously
awarded or paid on the basis of information or data awarded incentive-based compensation earned by
current or former executive officers of the Company SEVERANCE
in the event that the Company is required to prepare
an accounting restatement. The terms of service of the CEO provide that termi-
nation of the contract by either party is subject to six
LOCK UP PERIOD months’ notice period. However, if the Company ter-
minates his services for reasons other than for just
In 2022, the Board of Directors approved a lock up cause (as defined) or if he terminates his services
provision for its Executive Chairman, CEO, mem- due to the reduction or limitations of his managing
bers of the FLT and other key members of the Group powers or following his dismissal in case of change
which replaces the former stock ownership guide- of control, the Company shall pay the CEO an amount
lines and applies to all long-term incentive plans is- equal to 18 monthly installments of his base monthly
sued and to be issued by the company. salary, including any amount due for the six months’
Under the lock up provision 50% of the vested notice period (which means that the severance
shares under the Equity Incentive Plans will be sub- amount does not exceed 12 months’ salary, in line
ject from the date of vesting to unavailability and with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code), plus
non-transferability for a period determined accord- the accrued pro rata of the Company’s contribution
ing to the corporate role: to the pension fund as well as STI and LTI variable
compensation accrued at the date of termination of
CEO and Chairman: 36 months after vesting employment. If an actual severance payment will be
• FLT members: 24 months after vesting made at the termination of employment and such
Other key members of the Group: 12 months af- severance payment would exceed 12 months’ base
ter vesting salary, then a disclosure will be made in line with the
Dutch Corporate Governance Code.
The Executive Chairman and the CEO are also each If within twenty-four months following a change
required to retain 100% of the shares of common of control (as defined), the Chairman’s services are
stock issued, on a net, after-tax basis, upon vesting terminated by the Company (other than for cause),
and settlement of any equity awards granted to such or are terminated by the Chairman for good reason,
individual until the fifth anniversary of the grant date the Chairman is entitled to receive the accelerated
of the applicable award other than in the event of vesting of awards under his long-term incentive plan.
death, termination of service due to total disability,
approved leave of absence or retirement. INTERNAL PAY RATIOS
OTHER BENEFITS In line with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code,
the internal pay ratio is an important input for de-
Executive Directors may also be entitled to custom- termining the Remuneration Policy for the Board of
ary fringe benefits such as personal use of aircraft, Directors. The internal pay ratio is calculated as the
company cars and drivers, personal/home security, ratio between (i) the total annual remuneration of the
medical insurance, accident insurance, tax prepa- CEO(1) and (ii) the average total annual remuneration
ration and financial counselling. The Compensation of the employees of the Company and the Group
Committee may grant other benefits to the execu- Companies of which the company consolidates the
tive Directors in particular circumstances. financial data(2). The following table presents the in-
ternal pay ratio for 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021(2)
Total Annual Remuneration of CEO (A) 10,900,115(1) 7,983,034(1) 6,692,434(1) 4,993,961(1) 4,486,151
Average Total Annual Employee (FTE) 102,110 102,170 99,857 97,182 92,656
Remuneration Costs (B)
Pay Ratio (A/B) 106.9 78.1 67.0 51.4 48.4
(1) Includes €2,955,387, €3,123,629, €1,994,433 and €1,009,045 recognized as share-based compensation expense during the years
ended December 31, 2025 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, for equity awards granted under the Group’s equity incentive plans,
for which the vesting and receipt of the awards is subject to certain performance and service conditions. See also “—Directors’
compensation” and “—Share-based compensation of executive Directors” below.
(2) For 2021 the pay ratio is calculated considering the remuneration of the current CEO, Benedetto Vigna, payable for the period from
September 16, 2021 (the date when Mr. Vigna began acting as Chief Executive Officer) to December 31, 2021, which includes a one-
off Welcome Bonus. There is no significant difference between the pay ratio so calculated and the pay ratio calculated based on
the target remuneration elements pro-rated on a full year basis. In addition, the compensation payable to Mr. Elkann as interim CEO
during 2021 is not included in the calculation of the pay ratio because such compensation was forfeited by Mr. Elkann.
343
344
SCENARIO ANALYSIS Executive Chairman’s and the CEO’s compensation
package, supports both Ferrari’s business strategy
On an annual basis, the non-executive Directors, and value creation for our shareholders.
upon proposal of the Compensation Committee, ex- The Compensation Committee evaluates the mix
amine the relationship between the performance of variable compensation linked to financial and
criteria chosen and the possible outcomes for the non-financial performance, as well as sharehold-
variable remuneration of our executive Directors er returns, taking also into account the wages and
(scenario analysis). To date, the non-executive employment conditions of our employees. Our in-
Directors believe the remuneration policy has prov- centive plans are based on peer and market bench-
en effective in terms of establishing a correlation marked performance metrics.
between Ferrari’s strategic goals and the chosen In the event that specific long-term threshold
performance criteria, as the main key performance performance targets are not achieved, there will
criteria of our executive Directors’ long-term incen- be no variable pay vesting or payout for executive
tive plan, which represents a significant part of the Directors for the relevant period.
The following table and chart describe compensation levels that the
Executive Chairman and the CEO could receive under the compensation
packages in place and different scenarios in a calendar year, assuming a
constant share price (i.e. no appreciation):
Element of remuneration Details of assumption
Fixed remuneration The Executive Chairman’s base salary is €500,000 and the CEO’s base salary is
€2,000,000.
Short-term Incentive Plan The compensation packages for 2025 for the Executive Chairman and the CEO include
a short-term incentive plan with a threshold pay-opportunity equal to 50% of target,
a target pay-opportunity respectively equal to 100% and 150% of base salary and
maximum pay-opportunity equal to 225% of target bonus.
Long-term Incentive Plan Executive Chairman and CEO:
• in case of failure to achieve any of the performance criteria the scenario assumes
no award of PSUs;
• in case of achievement of the threshold for each of the performance criteria,
the scenario assumes an award equal to threshold pay opportunity (50% of
target pay opportunity);
• in case of achievement of the targets for each of the performance criteria, the
scenario assumes an award equal to target pay opportunity (200% of base salary
for the Executive Chairman and 300% of base salary for the CEO);
• in case of achievement of the maximum level of each performance criteria the
scenario assumes the award equal to maximum pay opportunity (160% of
target pay opportunity).
CHAIRMAN AND CEO COMPENSATION LEVELS
CHAIRMAN, €
4,000,000
3,250,000
1,625,000
2,000,000
1,000,000
1,000,000 1,125,000
250,000 500,000
500,000 250,000
500,000 500,000 500,000 500,000
0
Minimum Threshold Target Maximum
Fixed remuneration Short-term remuneration Long-term remuneration
CEO, €
20,000,000
18,330,000
9,580,000
11,000,000
6,000,000
6,000,000 6,750,000
3,000,000
3,000,000
2,000,000 1,000,000
2,000,000 2,000,000 2,000,000 2,000,000
0
Minimum Threshold Target Maximum
Fixed remuneration Short-term remuneration Long-term remuneration
Details about the Chairman and the CEO’s actual In the event of performance below the set thresh-
2025 remuneration are included in section 2. olds, the Executive Chairman and the CEO would
not receive payout of any amounts under either the
short-term or long-term incentive plan.
345
346
REMUNERATION POLICY FOR NON- Remuneration of non-executive Directors is fixed
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS and not dependent on the Company’s financial re-
sults. Non-executive Directors are not eligible for
Remuneration of non-executive Directors is ap- variable compensation and do not participate in any
proved by the Company’s shareholders and periodi- incentive plans.
cally reviewed by the Compensation Committee. The current annual remuneration for the non-ex-
ecutive Directors (which was approved at the 2024
AGM) is shown in the table below:
Non-Executive Director Compensation U.S. $
Annual cash retainer $75,000
Additional retainer for Audit Committee member $10,000
Additional retainer for Audit Committee Chairman $20,000
Additional retainer for Compensation Committee member $5,000
Additional retainer for Compensation Committee Chairman $15,000
Additional retainer for ESG Committee member $5,000
Additional retainer for ESG Committee Chairman $15,000
Additional retainer for the senior non-executive Director $25,000
All remuneration of the non-executive Directors is paid in cash.
REMUNERATION OF OTHER EMPLOYEES AND
EQUAL SALARY CERTIFICATION
Ferrari aims to provide a market-competitive and
fair remuneration package for its workforce, in line
with the remuneration policy and in order to better
pursue the Company’s strategy and purpose and
contribute to long-term value creation.
Furthermore, Ferrari operates a merit-based
remuneration policy, which does not discriminate on
the basis of gender, age, nationality, social status or
cultural background.
In 2024 we received the renewal of the Equal
Salary Certificate for providing equal pay to men
and women with the same qualifications and posi-
tions in the Company, confirmed in 2025. See also
“Sustainability Statement—S1—Own workforce—
Diversity and Inclusion—Our actions”.
Ferrari strongly believes in the Equal Salary
Certification and since 2022 the maintenance of the
certification is part of the vesting conditions of the
equity incentive plans (as a component of the ESG-
related Factor Goal).
348
(2) ed December 31, 2025 is in accordance with the
IMPLEMENTATION OF substance and the procedures of the remunera-
REMUNERATION STRATEGY IN 2025 tion strategy (as set out above) and therefore we
believe it allows us to seek to attract and retain the
most highly qualified executive talent and motivate
INTRODUCTION such executives to achieve business and financial
goals that create long-term value for shareholders
This section sets out the implementation of Ferrari’s in a manner consistent with our core business and
remuneration strategy for the year ended December leadership values and taking into account the social
31, 2025. The remuneration granted in the year end- context around the Company.
DIRECTORS’ COMPENSATION
The following table summarizes the remuneration received by the
members of the Board of Directors for the year ended December 31,
2025 from Ferrari.
Name Office held Fixed remuneration Variable Pension LTI (€) Total
remuneration benefits (€) remuneration(2)
Annual fee Fringe (€) (€)
(€) benefits
(€)
John Elkann Chairman and Executive 513,049 20,164(1) 975,000 (*) — 985,088 2,493,301
Director
Benedetto Chief Executive Officer 1,791,667 14,728 (1) 5,850,000 (*) 288,333 2,955,387 10,900,115
Vigna and Executive Director
Total Executive Directors 2,304,716 34,892 6,825,000 288,333 3,940,475 13,393,416
Piero Ferrari Vice Chairman and Non- 69,593 20,164 (1) — — — 89,757
Executive Director
Sergio Duca Senior Non-Executive 110,816 — — — — 110,816
Director
Delphine Non-Executive Director 69,593 — — — — 69,593
Arnault
Francesca Non-Executive Director 73,943 — — — — 73,943
Bellettini
Eddy Cue Non-Executive Director 73,943 — — — — 73,943
John Galantic Non-Executive Director 78,292 — — — — 78,292
Tommaso Non-Executive Director 45,514 — — — — 45,514
Ghidini
Maria Patrizia Non-Executive Director 73,943 — — — — 73,943
Grieco
Adam Keswick Non-Executive Director 65,244 — — — — 65,244
Mike Volpi Non-Executive Director 65,244 — — — — 65,244
Total Non-Executive Directors 726,125 20,164 — — — 746,289
Total 3,030,841 55,056 6,825,000 288,333 3,940,475 14,139,705
(1) Relate to car benefits provided to Mr. Vigna, Mr. Elkann and Mr. Ferrari in accordance with the remuneration policy.
(2) Certain amounts have been converted from U.S. Dollars to Euro.
(*) This amount refers to short-term incentives. For information regarding equity-based variable compensation see “Share-based
compensation of executive Directors” below.
The following table summarizes the remuneration received by the
members of the Board of Directors for the year ended December 31,
2024 from Ferrari.
Name Office held Fixed remuneration Variable Pension LTI (€) Total
remuneration benefits (€) remuneration(2)
Annual fee Fringe (€) (€)
(€) benefits
(€)
John Elkann Chairman and Executive 513,931 20,163 (1) 1,032,500 — (*) 1,041,210 2,607,804
Director
Benedetto Chief Executive Officer 1,500,000 31,905 (1) 3,097,500 230,000 (*) 3,123,629 7,983,034
Vigna and Executive Director
Total Executive Directors 2,013,931 52,068 4,130,000 230,000 4,164,839 10,590,838
Piero Ferrari Vice Chairman and Non- 74,298 20,164 (1) — — — 94,462
Executive Director
Sergio Duca Senior Non-Executive 111,445 — — — — 111,445
Director
Delphine Non-Executive Director 74,297 — — — — 74,297
Arnault
Francesca Non-Executive Director 78,940 — — — — 78,940
Bellettini
Eddy Cue Non-Executive Director 78,940 — — — — 78,940
John Galantic Non-Executive Director 83,584 — — — — 83,584
Maria Patrizia Non-Executive Director 78,940 — — — — 78,940
Grieco
Adam Keswick Non-Executive Director 69,653 — — — — 69,653
Mike Volpi Non-Executive Director 69,653 — — — — 69,653
Total Non-Executive Directors 719,750 20,164 — — — 739,914
Total 2,733,681 72,232 4,130,000 230,000 4,164,839 11,330,752
(1) Relate to car benefits provided to Mr. Vigna, Mr. Elkann and Mr. Ferrari in accordance with the remuneration policy.
(2) Certain amounts have been converted from U.S. Dollars to Euro.
(*) This amount refers to short-term incentives. For information regarding equity-based variable compensation see “Share-based
compensation of executive Directors” below.
349
350
The following table shows a comparison of the total remuneration of
Directors over the last five years, based on Ferrari Directors who served
as Directors in 2025.
Directors’ Total Remuneration
Name Office held 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
(in €, except otherwise stated)
John Elkann (*) Executive Chairman and Executive 2,493,301 2,607,804 2,390,679 1,977,195 336,938 (1)
Director
Piero Ferrari Vice Chairman and Non-Executive 89,757 94,462 86,857 95,965 81,062
Director
Sergio Duca Senior Non-Executive Director 110,816 111,445 110,665 114,844 103,238
Delphine Arnault Non-Executive Director 69,593 74,297 73,777 76,563 68,171
Francesca Bellettini Non-Executive Director 73,943 78,940 78,387 81,348 73,127
Eddy Cue Non-Executive Director 73,943 78,940 78,387 81,348 73,127
John Galantic Non-Executive Director 78,292 83,584 82,999 86,133 77,429
Tommaso Ghidini Non-Executive Director 45,514 — — — —
Maria Patrizia Grieco Non-Executive Director 73,943 78,940 78,387 81,348 73,127
Adam Keswick Non-Executive Director 65,244 69,653 69,166 71,777 64,524
Mike Volpi Non-Executive Director 65,244 69,653 49,513 — —
Adjusted EBITDA (3) (€ thousand) 2,772 2,555 2,279 1,773 1,531
Average Ferrari Share Price 398.74 393.32 275.25 196.34 185.25
Median fixed remuneration of employees (4) 39,108 38,000 37,210 34,960 34,071
(1) From January 1, 2021, to September 15, 2021: Chairman, CEO and Executive Director. From September 16, 2021, to December 31,
2021: Executive Chairman and Executive Director.
(2) Mr. Vigna joined Ferrari as CEO and Executive Director on September 16, 2021. As a Welcome Bonus for having joined Ferrari, Mr.
Vigna was granted (i) an extraordinary lump sum of €1,000,000 and (ii) 16,256 Ferrari common shares, in each case subject to
approval by shareholders at the 2022 Annual General Meeting.
(3) For additional information relating to this non-IFRS financial measure, see “Financial Overview—Non-GAAP Financial Measures—EBITDA
and Adjusted EBITDA”.
(4) This information does not include the “Premio di Competitività”, which is on top of the fixed remuneration.
(*) For information regarding equity-based variable compensation see “Share-based compensation of executive Directors” below.
SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE OF EXECUTIVE a strong focus on economic and financial objec-
DIRECTORS tives, and the target levels have been set consistent
with the Guidance 2025 provided to the market.
In March 2026, the CEO and the Executive Chairman Additionally, the performance curve established for
will receive the payout of their short-term incentives the CPF objectives of the STI has a threshold level
for the performance year 2025. below which no incentive payment is made, which is
The target setting of Ferrari’s STI has been close to the target level, while reaching the Cap level
defined with a competitive perspective to ensure is more challenging.
Weight % Actual Payout
Net Revenues 20% 150%
THE RESULTS OF
Adj. EBITDA % 20% 150%
→ LINEAR INTERPOLATION IS
COMPANY PERFORMANCE
Adj. Operating profit (EBIT) 20% 150%
FACTOR 2025 = 150%
Industrial Free Cash Flow 40% 150%
SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION OF EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The following table provides an overview of the outstanding equity
incentive plans provided to Ferrari executive Directors in 2025:
Name, Main conditions of share award plans Movements in share awards during 2025
position
Plan Performance Grant Vesting Number of New Shares Awards Number of of which are
period date date unvested awards vested forfeited/ unvested subject to
awards at granted other awards at performance
January 1, December conditions
2025 31, 2025
John Equity 2022 - 2024 April March 5,042 — 7,487(1) — — —
Elkann, Incentive 2022 2025
Executive Plan 2022-
Chairman 2024
Equity 2023 - 2025 April March 4,170 — — — 4,170 4,170
Incentive 2023 2026
Plan 2023-
2025
Equity 2024 - 2026 April March 2,925 — — — 2,925 2,925
Incentive 2024 2027
Plan 2024-
2026
Equity 2025 - 2027 April March — 2,302 — — 2,302 2,302
Incentive 2025 2028
Plan 2025-
2027
Benedetto Equity 2022 - 2024 April March 15,126 — 22,461(1) — — —
Vigna, Incentive 2022 2025
Chief Plan 2022-
Executive 2024
Officer
Equity 2023 - 2025 April March 12,510 — — — 12,510 12,510
Incentive 2023 2026
Plan 2023-
2025
Equity 2024 - 2026 April March 8,775 — — — 8,775 8,775
Incentive 2024 2027
Plan 2024-
2026
Equity 2025 - 2027 April March — 6,907 — — 6,907 6,907
Incentive 2025 2028
Plan 2025-
2027
(1) The number of shares vested was greater than the number of awards granted as a result of the level of achievement of the related
performance conditions.
351
352
In March 2025, 7,487 PSUs held by the Executive Chairman under the
Equity Incentive Plan 2022-2024 vested. The level of achievement of the
performance conditions applicable to the PSUs and the ultimate pay-out
of the PSUs under the plan is shown below:
EVIDENCE OF THE LEVEL OF THE ACHIEVEMENT
KPI Pay-out
Relative TSR Payout 175%
(weight 40%) 70%
Adjusted EBITDA Payout 171.3%
(weight 40%) 68.5%
ESG Payout 50%
(weight 20%) 10%
148.5%
PSU total pay-out
In March 2026, the Equity Incentive Plan 2023-2025 will vest and the evidence
of the level of the achievement is summarized in the following table:
EVIDENCE OF THE LEVEL OF THE ACHIEVEMENT
KPI Pay-out
Relative TSR Payout 175%
(weight 40%) 70%
Adjusted EBITDA Payout 162%
(weight 40%) 64.8%
ESG Payout 50%
(weight 20%) 10%
144.8%
PSU total pay-out
Threshold, Target and Maximum are presented in the “Equity Incentive
Plan 2023-2025” paragraph.
COMPENSATION OF THE MEMBERS OF THE FLT CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
The compensation paid to or accrued during the
year ended December 31, 2025 by Ferrari and its DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
subsidiaries to the members of the FLT (excluding
the CEO) amounted to €24.7 million in aggregate, Under the supervision, and with the participation,
consisting of €12.8 million for salary and €6.0 million of our management, including our Chief Executive
for other short-term benefits (which is linked to the Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted
FY 2025 performance and represents slightly more an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure
than the target set levels), €5.1 million for share- controls and procedures as of December 31, 2025
based compensation in relation to PSUs and RSUs pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b). Based on
awarded under the Group’s Equity Incentive Plans that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
(2023-2025; 2024-2026; 2025-2027) and other share- Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure con-
based awards, and €0.8 million for the Group’s trols and procedures are effective to provide rea-
contributions to pension funds. The PSU and RSU sonable assurance that information required to be
awards will vest in March 2026, 2027 and 2028 (as ap- disclosed in our Exchange Act filings is recorded,
plicable), subject to continued employment and, for processed, summarized and reported within the
the PSU awards, to the achievement of performance time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms
conditions related to relative TSR, Adjusted EBITDA and that such information is accumulated and com-
and ESG-related Factor Goal (for LTI Plan 2023-2025, municated to our management, including our Chief
2024-2026 and 2025-2027), as described above. Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as ap-
Given: (i) Ferrari’s first place positioning in the propriate, to allow timely decisions regarding re-
TSR ranking against the Peer Group (correspond- quired disclosure.
ing to the vesting of 175 percent of the target PSUs
awarded); (ii) the result of the Adjusted EBITDA fac- MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL
tor payout (+14.3% vs 5-years plan) and (iii) the partial CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
achievement of ESG Factor (50%), for the vesting of
the Equity Incentive Plan 2022-2024, which covers The Company’s management is responsible for es-
the performance period from 2022 to 2024, ending tablishing and maintaining adequate internal control
on December 31, 2024, 26,034 PSUs and 5,844 RSUs over financial reporting. The Company’s internal
vested for FLT members. control system was designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the preparation and fair pre-
DIRECTOR AND OFFICER OVERLAPS sentation of published financial statements in accor-
dance with IFRS Accounting Standards.
There are overlaps among certain Directors and of- All internal control systems, no matter how well
ficers of Stellantis and Exor and our Directors and designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even
officers. These individuals owe duties both to us those systems determined to be effective can pro-
and to the other companies that they serve as offi- vide only reasonable assurance with respect to
cers and/or Directors. This may raise certain con- financial statement preparation and presentation in
flicts of interest as, for example, these individuals accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards.
review opportunities that may be appropriate or Management assessed the effectiveness of the
suitable for both Ferrari and such other companies, Company’s internal control over financial report-
or business transactions are pursued in which both ing as of December 31, 2025, using the criteria set
Ferrari and such other companies have an interest, forth in the “Internal Control - Integrated Framework
such as Ferrari’s arrangement, now terminated, (2013)” issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
to supply engines for Maserati cars. For example, Organizations of the Tradeway Commission (COSO).
Mr. John Elkann, our Executive Chairman, is also Based on that assessment, management believes
the Executive Chairman of Stellantis and the Chief that, as of December 31, 2025, the Company’s inter-
Executive Officer of Exor. As of February 4, 2026, nal control over financial reporting was effective.
Exor held approximately 21.33 percent of our out-
standing common shares and approximately 32.32 CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL
percent of the voting power in the Company, while it
holds approximately 15.50 percent of the outstand- No change to our internal control over financial re-
ing common shares in Stellantis, based on Exor’s porting occurred during the year ended December
latest public filings available. The percentages of 31, 2025 that has materially affected, or is reason-
ownership and voting power above are calculated ably likely to materially affect, our internal control
based on the number of outstanding shares net of over financial reporting.
treasury shares. See “Risk Factors—Risks related to
our Common Shares—We may have potential con-
flicts of interest with Stellantis and Exor and its relat-
ed companies”.
353
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
357
CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
AT AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025
Consolidated Income Statement 361 Consolidated Statement Consolidated Statement
Of Financial Position 363 Of Changes In Equity 366
Consolidated Statement Of
Comprehensive Income 362 Consolidated Statement Notes To The Consolidated
Of Cash Flows 364 Financial Statements 367
359
361
FERRARI N.V.
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025, 2024 AND 2023
Note 2025 2024 2023
Net revenues 4 7,145,768 6,676,668 5,970,146
Cost of sales 5 3,452,971 3,329,483 2,995,877
Selling, general and administrative costs 6 642,490 561,144 462,580
Research and development costs 7 918,861 894,092 881,559
Other expenses, net 8 34,302 12,443 18,898
Result from investments 12,572 8,245 6,137
Operating profit (EBIT) 2,109,716 1,887,751 1,617,369
Financial income 9 168,145 147,100 132,319
Financial expenses 9 214,226 145,895 147,334
Financial expenses/(income), net 9 46,081 (1,205) 15,015
Profit before taxes 2,063,635 1,888,956 1,602,354
Income tax expense 10 464,119 363,043 344,897
Net profit 1,599,516 1,525,913 1,257,457
Net profit attributable to:
Owners of the parent 1,596,919 1,521,877 1,252,048
Non-controlling interests 3 2,597 4,036 5,409
Basic earnings per common share (in €) 12 8.97 8.47 6.91
Diluted earnings per common share (in €) 12 8.96 8.46 6.90
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated
Financial Statements.
362
FERRARI N.V.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025, 2024 AND 2023
Note 2025 2024 2023
Net profit 1,599,516 1,525,913 1,257,457
Items that will not be reclassified to the consolidated income statement in
subsequent periods:
Gains /(Losses) on remeasurement of defined benefit plans 20 135 (691) 221
Related tax impact 20 (30) 168 (52)
Total items that will not be reclassified to the consolidated income statement 105 (523) 169
in subsequent periods
Items that may be reclassified to the consolidated income statement in
subsequent periods:
Gains/(Losses) on cash flow hedging instruments 20 120,314 (86,810) (26,284)
Exchange differences on translating foreign operations 20 (20,444) 12,248 (6,323)
Related tax impact 20 (33,674) 23,610 6,403
Total items that may be reclassified to the consolidated income statement in 66,196 (50,952) (26,204)
subsequent periods
Total other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax 66,301 (51,475) (26,035)
Total comprehensive income 1,665,817 1,474,438 1,231,422
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
Owners of the parent 1,663,681 1,470,092 1,226,428
Non-controlling interests 2,136 4,346 4,994
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated
Financial Statements.
363
FERRARI N.V.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024
Note 2025 2024
Assets
Goodwill 13 785,182 785,182
Intangible assets 14 1,638,457 1,545,664
Property, plant and equipment 15 2,057,891 1,828,784
Investments and other financial assets 16 96,444 80,822
Deferred tax assets 10 226,005 236,791
Total non-current assets 4,803,979 4,477,243
Inventories 17 1,113,904 1,088,194
Trade receivables 18 360,339 349,176
Receivables from financing activities 18 1,613,396 1,661,632
Tax receivables 18 31,715 15,918
Other current assets 18 159,223 137,763
Current financial assets 19 78,085 25,006
Cash and cash equivalents 32 1,467,711 1,742,214
Total current assets 4,824,373 5,019,903
Total assets 9,628,352 9,497,146
Equity and liabilities
Equity attributable to owners of the parent 3,906,893 3,533,946
Non-controlling interests 3 7,849 9,292
Total equity 20 3,914,742 3,543,238
Employee benefits 22 145,294 134,147
Provisions 23 184,481 206,212
Deferred tax liabilities 10 254,387 110,016
Debt 24 2,884,220 3,351,888
Other liabilities 25 1,391,616 1,106,221
Other financial liabilities 19 7,405 61,894
Trade payables 26 841,256 945,657
Tax payables 4,951 37,873
Total equity and liabilities 9,628,352 9,497,146
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated
Financial Statements.
FERRARI N.V.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
364
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025, 2024 AND 2023
Note 2025 2024 2023
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 32 1,742,214 1,121,981 1,388,901
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net profit 1,599,516 1,525,913 1,257,457
Income tax expense 10 464,119 363,043 344,897
Amortization and depreciation 14,15 661,937 666,777 662,305
Provision accruals 23 54,466 81,546 64,834
Result from investments 16 (12,572) (8,245) (6,137)
Financial income 9 (168,145) (147,100) (132,319)
Financial expenses 9 214,226 145,895 147,334
Other non-cash expenses, net 32 98,169 91,909 79,813
Change in inventories 17 (76,684) (157,526) (309,564)
Change in trade receivables 18 (20,617) (94,029) (33,381)
Change in trade payables 26 (59,130) 7,672 43,277
Change in receivables from financing activities 27 (154,580) (118,687) (107,247)
Change in other operating assets and liabilities 222,377 (20,045) 48,642
Finance income received 9 38,035 49,673 32,432
Finance costs paid 9 (126,257) (50,354) (83,243)
Income tax paid 10 (385,554) (409,786) (292,463)
Total cash flows from operating activities 2,349,306 1,926,656 1,716,637
Cash flows used in investing activities:
Investments in intangible assets 14 (457,976) (506,874) (487,148)
Investments in property, plant and equipment 15 (485,210) (482,277) (381,762)
Acquisition of subsidiary and other investments (1,352) — —
Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 14,15 400 2,041 2,458
Total cash flows used in investing activities (944,138) (987,110) (866,452)
Cash flows used in financing activities:
Repayments of bonds and notes 24 (450,963) — (575,702)
Proceeds from bonds and notes 24 — 496,145 —
Repayments of securitizations 24 (33,294) (243,649) (49,611)
Proceeds from securitizations 24 142,375 340,499 151,217
Repayments of borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 24 (378,332) (104,690) (72,500)
Proceeds from borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 24 400,000 225,000 250,000
Repayments of other debt 24 (46,161) (41,297) (35,566)
Proceeds from other debt 24 42,527 51,022 34,596
Repayments of lease liabilities 24 (23,825) (22,001) (17,691)
365
Dividends paid to owners of the parent 20 (529,707) (439,918) (328,631)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests 20 (4,448) (4,788) (4,890)
Share repurchases 20 (785,329) (581,084) (460,629)
Total cash flows used in financing activities (1,667,157) (324,761) (1,109,407)
Translation exchange differences (12,514) 5,448 (7,698)
Total change in cash and cash equivalents (274,503) 620,233 (266,920)
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 32 1,467,711 1,742,214 1,121,981
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated
Financial Statements.
366
FERRARI N.V.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025, 2024 AND 2023
Share Retained Cash Currency Remeasurement Equity Non- Total
capital earnings flow translation of defined attributable controlling equity
and other hedge differences benefit plans to owners of interests
reserves reserve the parent
At December 31, 2022 2,573 2,499,771 46,233 52,618 (8,338) 2,592,857 9,630 2,602,487
Net profit — 1,252,048 — — — 1,252,048 5,409 1,257,457
Other comprehensive — — (19,881) (5,908) 169 (25,620) (415) (26,035)
(loss)/income
Total comprehensive — 1,252,048 (19,881) (5,908) 169 1,226,428 4,994 1,231,422
income
Dividends to owners of the — (328,631) — — — (328,631) — (328,631)
parent
Dividends to non- — — — — — — (4,890) (4,890)
controlling interests
Share repurchases — (460,629) — — — (460,629) — (460,629)
Share-based — 30,863 — — — 30,863 — 30,863
compensation
At December 31, 2023 2,573 2,993,422 26,352 46,710 (8,169) 3,060,888 9,734 3,070,622
Net profit — 1,521,877 — — — 1,521,877 4,036 1,525,913
Other comprehensive — — (63,200) 11,938 (523) (51,785) 310 (51,475)
(loss)/income
Total comprehensive — 1,521,877 (63,200) 11,938 (523) 1,470,092 4,346 1,474,438
income
Dividends to owners of the — (439,918) — — — (439,918) — (439,918)
parent
Dividends to non- — — — — — — (4,788) (4,788)
controlling interests
Share repurchases — (581,084) — — — (581,084) — (581,084)
Share-based — 23,968 — — — 23,968 — 23,968
compensation
Other movements — (7) — — 7 — — —
At December 31, 2024 2,573 3,518,258 (36,848) 58,648 (8,685) 3,533,946 9,292 3,543,238
Net profit — 1,596,919 — — — 1,596,919 2,597 1,599,516
Other comprehensive — — 86,640 (19,983) 105 66,762 (461) 66,301
income/(loss)
Total comprehensive — 1,596,919 86,640 (19,983) 105 1,663,681 2,136 1,665,817
income
Dividends to owners of the — (532,158) — — — (532,158) — (532,158)
parent
Dividends to non- — — — — — — (4,448) (4,448)
controlling interests
Share repurchases — (785,329) — — — (785,329) — (785,329)
Share-based — 27,546 — — — 27,546 — 27,546
compensation
Other movements — (793) — — — (793) 869 76
At December 31, 2025 2,573 3,824,443 49,792 38,665 (8,580) 3,906,893 7,849 3,914,742
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated
Financial Statements.
367
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(1) issued by IASB and IFRS Accounting Standards as
BACKGROUND AND BASIS OF adopted by the European Union. The designation IFRS
PREPARATION Accounting Standards also includes International
Accounting Standards (“IAS® Standards”) as well
as the interpretations of the International Financial
BACKGROUND Reporting Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC®
Interpretations’” and “SIC® Interpretations”).
Ferrari is among the world’s leading luxury brands. The consolidated financial statements are pre-
The activities of Ferrari N.V. (herein referred to as pared on a going concern basis and applying the
“Ferrari” or the “Company” and together with its sub- historical cost method, modified as required by IFRS
sidiaries the “Group”) are focused on the design, engi- Accounting Standards for the measurement of cer-
neering, production and sale of luxury performance tain financial instruments, which are generally mea-
sports cars. The cars are designed, engineered and sured at fair value.
produced in Maranello and Modena, Italy and sold in The consolidated financial statements are pre-
approximately 60 markets worldwide through a net- sented in Euro, which is the functional currency of
work of 181 authorized dealers operating 195 points the Company, and unless otherwise stated amounts
of sale. The Ferrari brand is licensed to a selected are presented in thousands of Euro.
number of producers and retailers of luxury and
lifestyle goods, with Ferrari branded merchandise
also sold through a network of 16 Ferrari-owned di- (2)
rectly operated stores and 2 franchised stores (as of MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
December 31, 2025), as well as on Ferrari’s website.
To facilitate the sale of new and pre-owned cars, the
Group provides various forms of financing to clients, FORMAT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
as well as to dealers in certain territories, directly or
through cooperation or other agreements with fi- The consolidated financial statements include the
nancial institutions. Ferrari also participates in the consolidated income statement, consolidated state-
Formula 1 World Championship through its Scuderia ment of comprehensive income, consolidated state-
Ferrari team and the World Endurance Championship ment of financial position, consolidated statement
through its Ferrari endurance teams. Ferrari’s racing of cash flows, consolidated statement of changes in
activities are a core element of Ferrari marketing and equity and the accompanying notes (referred to col-
promotional activities, as well as an important source lectively as the “Consolidated Financial Statements”).
of innovation to support the technological advance- For presentation of the consolidated income
ment of Ferrari’s product portfolio. statement, the Group uses a classification based on
the function of expenses, as it is more representa-
BASIS OF PREPARATION tive of the format used for internal reporting and
management purposes and is consistent with inter-
national practice. In the consolidated income state-
AUTHORIZATION OF CONSOLIDATED ment, the Group presents a subtotal for its operating
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND COMPLIANCE profit before interest and taxes which is referred to
WITH INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING as operating profit (EBIT). Operating profit (EBIT) dis-
STANDARDS tinguishes between the profit before taxes arising
from operating items and those arising from financ-
These consolidated financial statements of Ferrari ing activities. Operating profit (EBIT) is one of the pri-
N.V. were authorized for issuance by the Board of mary measures used by the Board of Directors (the
Directors on February 19, 2026. Group’s “Chief Operating Decision Maker” as defined
The consolidated financial statements have been in IFRS 8 — Operating Segments) to assess perfor-
prepared in accordance with the IFRS® Accounting mance and allocate resources.
Standards (“IFRS Accounting Standards”) as For presentation of the consolidated statement of
issued by the International Accounting Standards financial position, a mixed format has been selected
Board (“IASB”) and IFRS Accounting Standards as to present current and non-current assets and lia-
adopted by the European Union (references to IFRS bilities, as permitted by IAS 1 paragraph 60. More
Accounting Standards refer to both IFRS Accounting specifically, the Consolidated Financial Statements
Standards as issued by the IASB and IFRS Accounting include both industrial and financial services activ-
Standards as adopted by the European Union, unless ities. Receivables from financing activities are
specified otherwise). There is no effect on these included in current assets as the investments will be
consolidated financial statements resulting from realized in their normal operating cycle. The funding
differences between IFRS Accounting Standards as for financial services activities is primarily obtained
368
through securitization programs and funding from addition, some IAS 1 paragraphs have been moved
certain of the Group’s operating companies. This to IAS 8 — Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting
financial service structure within the Group does Estimates and Errors and IFRS 7 — Financial
not allow the separation of financial liabilities funding Instruments: Disclosures. Furthermore, the IASB has
the financial services operations (whose assets are made minor amendments to IAS 7 — Statement of
reported within current assets) and those funding Cash Flows and IAS 33 — Earnings Per Share.
the industrial operations. Presentation of financial IFRS 18 introduces new requirements to:
liabilities as current or non-current based on their
date of maturity would not facilitate a meaningful present specified categories and defined subto-
comparison with financial assets, which are cate- tals in the statement of profit or loss;
gorized on the basis of their normal operating cycle. provide disclosures on management-defined
Disclosure as to the due date of the various compo- performance measures (MPMs) in the notes to
nents of debt is provided in Note 24. the financial statements, and
The consolidated statement of cash flows is pre- improve aggregation and disaggregation.
sented using the indirect method with cash flows
classified within operating, investing or financing IFRS 18 is effective from January 1, 2027. The Group
activities. is evaluating the potential impact from the adoption
of this standard and performing a detailed assess-
NEW AMENDMENTS EFFECTIVE FROM ment to determine the appropriate classification of
JANUARY 1, 2025 items to ensure that the operating profit subtotal will
comply with the requirements of IFRS 18.
The following new amendments effective from The Group currently reports various non-GAAP
January 1, 2025 were adopted by the Group for financial measures (also referred to as alterna-
the preparation of these Consolidated Financial tive performance measures) to its investors that
Statements. may meet the definition of a management-defined
In August 2023, the IASB issued amendments to performance measure under IFRS 18, including
IAS 21 — The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Operating Profit
Rates: Lack of Exchangeability, to clarify how an entity (Adjusted EBIT), Adjusted Net Profit, Adjusted Basic
has to apply a consistent approach to assessing Earnings per Common Share and Adjusted Diluted
whether a currency is exchangeable into another cur- Earnings per Common Share. Management-defined
rency and, when it is not, to determine the exchange performance measures under IFRS 18 require spe-
rate to use and the disclosures to provide. The amend- cific disclosures within a note to the financial state-
ments were effective for the Group from January 1, ments. The Group is performing an assessment of
2025 and there was no impact from their adoption. other measures that are currently being reported
In December 2024, the IASB issued Amendments outside the financial information to determine
for nature-dependent electricity contracts which whether or not they meet the definition of a manage-
amended IFRS 9 — Financial Instruments and IFRS 7 ment-defined performance measure.
— Financial Instruments: Disclosures to help compa- In May 2024, the IASB issued IFRS 19 — Subsidiaries
nies better report the financial effects of nature-de- without Public Accountability: Disclosures, which
pendent electricity contracts, which are often struc- permits eligible subsidiaries to use IFRS Accounting
tured as power purchase agreements (PPAs), in the Standards with reduced disclosures better suited to
light of the increased use of these contracts. The the needs of the users of their financial statements,
amendments are effective on or after January 1, as well as to keep only one set of accounting records
2026 and the Group early adopted the amendments to meet the needs of both their parent company and
starting from the third quarter of 2025 in relation to a the users of their financial statements. In August
power purchase agreement the Group entered into 2025, the IASB issued amendments to IFRS 19 that
during the period. will provide reduced disclosure requirements for
new and amended IFRS Accounting Standards
NEW STANDARDS AND AMENDMENTS NOT issued between February 2021 and May 2024 that
YET EFFECTIVE were not considered when IFRS 19 was first issued.
The standard and amendments are effective on or
The standards and amendments issued by the IASB after January 1, 2027 and earlier application is per-
that will have mandatory application in 2026 or sub- mitted. The Group does not expect any impact from
sequent years are listed below. the adoption of this standard.
In April 2024, the IASB issued IFRS 18 — In May 2024, the IASB issued Amendments to
Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, the Classification and Measurement of Financial
primarily in response to investors’ concerns about Instruments which amended IFRS 9 — Financial
comparability and transparency of entities’ per- Instruments and IFRS 7 — Financial Instruments:
formance reporting. IFRS 18 replaces IAS 1 — Disclosures, with the aim of addressing diversity
Presentation of Financial Statements, carrying for- in practice by making the requirements more
ward many of the requirements in IAS 1 unchanged understandable and consistent. The amendments:
and complementing them with new requirements. In (a) clarify the date of recognition and derecogni-
369
tion of certain financial assets and liabilities, with a BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
new exception for certain financial liabilities settled
through an electronic cash transfer system to be
derecognized before the settlement date if certain SUBSIDIARIES
criteria are met; (b) clarify and add further guid-
ance for assessing whether a financial asset meets Subsidiaries are entities over which the Group has
the solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) control. Control is achieved when the Group has
criterion; (c) add new disclosures for certain instru- power over the investee, when it is exposed to, or
ments with contractual terms that can change cash has rights to, variable returns from its involvement
flows (such as certain instruments with features with the investee, and has the ability to use its pow-
linked to the achievement of environment, social and er over the investee to affect the amount of the in-
governance (ESG) targets), and (d) update the disclo- vestor’s returns. Subsidiaries are consolidated on a
sures for equity instruments designated at fair value line by line basis from the date on which the Group
through other comprehensive income (FVOCI). The achieves control. The Group reassesses whether or
amendments are effective on or after January 1, not it controls an investee if facts and circumstanc-
2026 and earlier application is permitted. The Group es indicate that there are changes to one or more of
is evaluating the potential impact from the adoption the three elements of control listed above.
of these amendments. The Group recognizes any non-controlling inter-
In July 2024, the IASB issued Annual Improvements ests (“NCI”) in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-ac-
to IFRS Accounting Standards — Volume 11 which quisition basis, either at fair value or at the non-con-
contains amendments to five standards as result of trolling interest’s share of the recognized amounts
IASB’s annual improvements project. IASB uses the of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Net profit
annual improvements process to make necessary, or loss and each component of other comprehen-
but non-urgent, amendments to IFRS Accounting sive income/(loss) are attributed to the owners
Standards that will not be included as part of of the parent and to the non-controlling interests.
another major project. The amended standards Total comprehensive income/(loss) of subsidiar-
are: IFRS 1 — First-time Adoption of International ies is attributed to owners of the parent and to the
Financial Reporting Standards, IFRS 7 —Financial non-controlling interests even if this results in the
Instruments: Disclosures and its accompanying non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.
Guidance on implementing IFRS 7; IFRS 9 — Financial All intra-group balances and transactions and
Instruments; IFRS 10 — Consolidated Financial any unrealized gains and losses arising from intra-
Statements, and IAS 7 — Statement of Cash Flows. group transactions are eliminated in preparing the
The amendments are effective on or after January Consolidated Financial Statements.
1, 2026 and earlier application is permitted. The Subsidiaries are deconsolidated from the date
Group is evaluating the potential impact from the when control ceases. When the Group ceases to
adoption of these amendments. have control over a subsidiary, it derecognizes the
In November 2025, the IASB issued Amendments assets (including any goodwill) and liabilities of the
for translation to a hyperinflationary presentation subsidiary at their carrying amounts, derecognizes
currency which amended IAS 21 — The Effects of the carrying amount of non-controlling interests in
Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates, to clarify how the former subsidiary and recognizes the fair value
companies should translate financial statements of any consideration received from the transaction.
from a non-hyperinflationary currency into a hyper- Any retained interest in the former subsidiary is then
inflationary one. The amendments are effective on remeasured to its fair value.
or after January 1, 2027 and earlier application is per-
mitted. The Group does not expect any impact from INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
the adoption of these amendments.
In November 2025, the IASB issued illustrative An associate is an entity over which the Group has
examples on reporting uncertainties in financial significant influence. Significant influence is the pow-
statements (Amendments to Illustrative Examples er to participate in the financial and operating policy
on IFRS 7, IFRS 18, IAS 1, IAS 8, IAS 36 and IAS 37 — decisions of the investee but without having control
Disclosures about Uncertainties in the Financial or joint control over those policies. Associates are
Statements). These illustrative examples demon- accounted for using the equity method of account-
strate how companies can apply IFRS Accounting ing from the date significant influence is obtained.
Standards when reporting the effects of uncertain- Under the equity method, the investments are
ties in their financial statements. As accompany- initially recognized at cost and adjusted thereafter to
ing materials to IFRS Accounting Standards, these recognize the Group’s share of the profit/(loss) and
illustrative examples do not have an effective date. other comprehensive income/(loss) of the investee.
However, companies are expected to implement any The Group’s share of the investee’s profit/(loss) is
changes in their reporting on a timely basis. There recognized in the consolidated income statement.
were no impacts to the Group’s financial statements Distributions received from an investee reduce the
as a result of these illustrative examples. carrying amount of the investment. Post-acquisition
movements in other comprehensive income/(loss)
370
are recognized in other comprehensive income/ FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS
(loss) with a corresponding adjustment to the carry-
ing amount of the investment. The functional currency of the Group’s entities is the
Unrealized gains on transactions between the currency of their primary economic environment. In
Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of individual companies, transactions in foreign curren-
the Group’s interest in the associate. Unrealized losses cies are recorded at the exchange rate prevailing at
are also eliminated unless the transaction provides the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabil-
evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. ities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance
When the Group’s share of the losses of an asso- sheet date are translated at the foreign currency ex-
ciate exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate, change rate prevailing at that date. Exchange differ-
the Group discontinues recognizing its share of fur- ences arising on the settlement of monetary items or
ther losses. Additional losses are provided for, and on reporting monetary items at rates different from
a liability is recognized, only to the extent that the those at which they were initially recorded during the
Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations period or in previous financial statements are recog-
or made payments on behalf of the associate. nized in the consolidated income statement.
The Group discontinues the use of the equity
method from the date the investment ceases to be an CONSOLIDATION OF FOREIGN ENTITIES
associate or when it is classified as available-for-sale.
All assets and liabilities of foreign consolidated com-
INTERESTS IN JOINT OPERATIONS panies with a functional currency other than the
Euro are translated using the closing rates at the
A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the date of the consolidated statement of financial posi-
parties that have joint control of the arrangement tion. Income and expenses are translated into Euro
have rights to the assets and obligations for the lia- at the average foreign currency exchange rate for
bilities, relating to the arrangement. Joint control is the period. Translation differences resulting from
the contractually agreed sharing of control of an ar- the application of this method are classified as cur-
rangement, which exists only when decisions about rency translation differences within other compre-
the relevant activities require the unanimous con- hensive income/(loss) until the disposal of the invest-
sent of the parties sharing control. ment. Average foreign currency exchange rates for
When the Group undertakes its activities under the period are used to translate the cash flows of
joint operations, it recognizes in relation to its interest foreign subsidiaries in preparing the consolidated
in the joint operation: (i) its assets, including its share statement of cash flows.
of any assets held jointly, (ii) its liabilities, including Goodwill, assets acquired and liabilities assumed
its share of any liabilities incurred jointly, (iii) its rev- arising from the acquisition of entities with a func-
enue from the sale of its share of the output arising tional currency other than the Euro are recognized
from the joint operation, (iv) its share of the revenue in the Consolidated Financial Statements in the func-
from the sale of the output by the joint operation, and tional currency and translated at the foreign cur-
(v) its expenses, including its share of any expenses rency exchange rate at the acquisition date. These
incurred jointly. balances are translated at subsequent balance sheet
dates at the relevant foreign currency exchange rate.
The principal foreign currency exchange rates used to translate other
currencies into Euro are presented below.
Average At December 31, Average At December 31, Average At December 31,
U.S. Dollar 1.1300 1.1750 1.0824 1.0389 1.0814 1.1050
Pound Sterling 0.8568 0.8726 0.8466 0.8292 0.8699 0.8691
Swiss Franc 0.9370 0.9314 0.9526 0.9412 0.9717 0.9260
Japanese Yen 169.0435 184.0900 163.8519 163.0600 151.8540 156.3300
Chinese Yuan 8.1185 8.2262 7.7875 7.5833 7.6568 7.8509
Australian Dollar 1.7518 1.7581 1.6397 1.6772 1.6283 1.6263
Singapore Dollar 1.4756 1.5105 1.4458 1.4164 1.4521 1.4591
Canadian Dollar 1.5787 1.6088 1.4821 1.4948 1.4595 1.4642
Hong Kong Dollar 8.8104 9.1464 8.4454 8.0686 8.4663 8.6314
371
INTANGIBLE ASSETS OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Other intangible assets mainly relate to the regis-
GOODWILL tration of trademarks and have been recognized in
accordance with IAS 38 — Intangible Assets, where
Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for impair- it is probable that the use of the asset will generate
ment annually or more frequently if events or chang- future economic benefits for the Group and where
es in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired. the cost of the asset can be measured reliably. Other
After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost intangible assets are measured at cost less any im-
less any accumulated impairment losses. pairment losses and amortized on a straight-line
basis over their estimated life, which is generally be-
DEVELOPMENT COSTS tween three and five years.
Development costs for car project production and PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
related components, engines and systems are rec-
ognized as an asset if, and only if, the required con-
ditions under IAS 38 — Intangible Assets are met, COST
including, among others: (i) that development costs
can be measured reliably, (ii) that the technical fea- Property, plant and equipment is initially recognized
sibility of the product, volumes and pricing support at cost which comprises the purchase price, any
the view that the development expenditure will gen- costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to
erate future economic benefits, and (iii) the Group the location and condition necessary to be capable
has the intention to complete the development and of operating in the manner intended by manage-
the ability to use the intangible asset. Capitalized ment, capitalized borrowing costs and any initial
development costs include all direct and indirect estimate of the costs of dismantling and removing
costs that may be directly attributed to the develop- the item and restoring the site on which it is locat-
ment process. All other research and development ed. Self-constructed assets are initially recognized
costs are expensed as incurred, net of any govern- at production cost. Subsequent expenditures and
ment grants received. the cost of replacing parts of an asset are capital-
Capitalized development costs are amortized ized only if they increase the future economic ben-
on a straight-line basis from the start of production efits embodied in that asset. All other expenditures
over the estimated lifecycle of the model or the use- are expensed as incurred. When such replace-
ful life of the related components or other assets ment costs are capitalized, the carrying amount of
(generally between four and eight years). Increasing the parts that are replaced is recognized as a loss
an asset’s expected lifecycle or its residual value in the period of replacement in the consolidated in-
would result in a reduced amortization charge in the come statement.
consolidated income statement.
The Group incurs significant research and
development costs also for its Formula 1 racing
activities. These costs are considered fundamental
to the development of the road and track car mod-
els and prototypes. Technological developments and
changes in the regulations of the Formula 1 World
Championship generally require the Group to design,
develop and construct a new racing car to be used
for one year only. The costs incurred for the design,
development and construction of a new racing car
are generally expensed as incurred unless the tech-
nology will be used for more than one year and the
costs meet the capitalization criteria in IAS 38.
PATENTS, CONCESSIONS AND LICENSES
Separately acquired patents, concessions and li-
censes are initially recognized at cost. Patents,
concessions and licenses acquired in a business
combination are initially recognized at fair value.
Patents, concessions and licenses are amortized on
a straight-line basis over their useful economic lives,
which is generally between three and five years.
372
DEPRECIATION
Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated
useful lives of the assets presented below.
Depreciation rates
Industrial buildings 3% - 20%
Plant, machinery and equipment 5% - 22%
Other assets 12% - 25%
Land is not depreciated. on sales are recognized in the consolidated income
If the asset being depreciated consists of sepa- statement in the period in which the condition that
rately identifiable components whose useful lives triggers those payments occurs.
differ from that of the other parts making up the Extension and termination options are included
asset, depreciation is charged separately for each in a number of leases related to Ferrari stores, ware-
of its component parts through application of the houses and machinery and equipment of the Group.
“component approach”. In determining the lease term, management consid-
ers all facts and circumstances that create an eco-
nomic incentive to exercise an extension option, or
LEASES not exercise a termination option. Extension options
(or periods after termination options) are only
The Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and a included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably
corresponding lease liability at the date at which certain to be extended (or not terminated).
the leased asset is available for use. Each lease pay-
ment is allocated between the principal liability and BORROWING COSTS
finance costs. Finance costs are charged to the con-
solidated income statement over the lease period General and specific borrowing costs directly at-
using the effective interest rate method. The right- tributable to the acquisition, construction or pro-
of-use asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis duction of qualifying assets, which are assets that
over the lease term. necessarily take a substantial period of time to get
Right-of-use assets are measured at cost com- ready for their intended use, are added to the cost of
prising the following: (i) the amount of the initial mea- those assets, until such time as the assets are sub-
surement of lease liability; (ii) any lease payments stantially ready for their intended use.
made at or before the commencement date less any All other borrowing costs are expensed in finan-
lease incentives received; (iii) any initial direct costs cial expenses if related to the Group’s industrial activ-
and, if applicable, (iv) restoration costs. Payments ities or cost of sales if related to the Group’s financial
associated with short-term leases and leases of low- services activities in the consolidated income state-
value assets are recognized as an expense in the con- ment, as incurred.
solidated income statement on a straight-line basis.
Lease liabilities are measured at the net present IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS
value of the following: (i) fixed lease payments, (ii)
variable lease payments that are based on an index The Group continuously monitors its operations to
or a rate and, if applicable, (iii) amounts expected to assess whether there is any indication that its in-
be payable by the lessee under residual value guaran- tangible assets (including capitalized development
tees, and (iv) the exercise price of a purchase option costs) and its property, plant and equipment may be
if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that impaired. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually
option. Lease liabilities do not include any non-lease or more frequently, if there is an indication that an
components that may be included in the related con- asset may be impaired.
tracts. If indications of impairment are present, the car-
Lease payments are discounted using the inter- rying amount of the asset is reduced to its recov-
est rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be erable amount, which is the higher of fair value less
determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing costs of disposal and its value in use. The recover-
rate is used, being the rate that the Group would able amount is determined for the individual asset,
have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that
an asset of similar value in a similar economic envi- are largely independent of the cash inflows from
ronment with similar terms and conditions. other assets or groups of assets, in which case the
Some lease contracts contain variable pay- asset is tested as part of the cash-generating unit
ment terms that are linked to sales generated from (“CGU”) to which the asset belongs. A CGU is the
Ferrari stores. Variable lease payments that depend smallest identifiable group of assets that generates
373
cash inflows that are largely independent of the Except for investments accounted for using the
cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets. equity method, the Group initially measures finan-
In assessing the value in use of an asset or CGU, the cial assets at fair value plus, in the case of financial
estimated future cash flows are discounted to their assets not measured at fair value through profit or
present value using a discount rate that reflects cur- loss, transaction costs.
rent market assessments of the time value of money Equity instruments held by the Group are recog-
and the risks specific to the asset or CGU. An impair- nized at fair value through profit or loss. When mar-
ment loss is recognized if the recoverable amount is ket prices are not directly available, the fair value is
lower than the carrying amount. measured using appropriate valuation techniques
Where an impairment loss for assets other (e.g. discounted cash flow analysis based on market
than goodwill subsequently no longer exists or has information available at the balance sheet date).
decreased, the carrying amount of the asset or CGU Trade receivables and receivables from financ-
is increased to the revised estimate of its recover- ing activities are originated in the ordinary course of
able amount, but not in excess of the carrying amount business and held within a business model with the
that would have been recorded had no impairment objective to hold the receivables in order to collect
loss been recognized. The reversal of an impairment contractual cash flows that meet the “solely pay-
loss is recognized in the consolidated income state- ments of principal and interest” criterion under IFRS
ment immediately. 9, therefore they are measured at amortized cost
using the effective interest rate method. Receivables
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS with maturities greater than one year are discounted
to present value.
Assessments are made regularly as to whether
PRESENTATION there is any objective evidence that a financial asset
or group of financial assets may be impaired. If any
Current financial assets include trade receivables, such evidence exists, an impairment loss is recog-
receivables from financing activities, derivative fi- nized within selling, general and administrative costs
nancial instruments, other current financial assets for trade receivables and within cost of sales for
and cash and cash equivalents. receivables from financing activities. Under IFRS 9,
Investments and other financial assets include a forward-looking expected credit loss model must
investments accounted for using the equity method be applied when assessing impairment. In making
as well as other securities and non-current financial impairment assessments for trade receivables and
assets. for receivables from financing activities that are
Financial liabilities include debt (primarily bonds, within the scope of IFRS 16, the Group applies the
notes, asset-backed financing (securitizations) simplified approach to estimate the lifetime expected
and borrowings from banks), trade payables and credit losses and considers its historical credit loss
other financial liabilities (mainly derivative financial experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors
instruments). specific to the nature of the Group’s receivables and
economic environment. For all other receivables
MEASUREMENT from financing activities, the Group applies the gen-
eral approach, which requires the application of a
Financial assets, other than investments accounted three-stage model to assess whether there has been
for using the equity method, and financial liabilities a significant increase in credit risk on the financial
are measured in accordance with IFRS 9 - Financial instrument since initial recognition.
Instruments.
Stage Description Time period for measurement
of expected credit losses
Stage 1 A financial instrument that is not credit-impaired on initial recognition 12-month
Stage 2 A financial instrument with a significant increase in credit risk since initial Lifetime
recognition
Stage 3 A financial instrument that is credit-impaired or has defaulted Lifetime
The Group considers a default to occur and a signif- make contractual payments within 60 days of when
icant increase in credit risk to occur when the coun- the related receivables fall due, while for trade re-
terparty fails to make contractual payments within ceivables this is assessed on a case by case basis.
a certain number of days of when they fall due. For Receivables are written off when the counter-
example, for receivables from financing activities party fails to make contractual payments and there
this typically occurs when the counterparty fails to is no reasonable expectation of recovery, and in any
374
circumstance no later than 360 days. When trade TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
receivables or receivables from financing activities
have been written off, the Company may continue The Group sells certain of its receivables from fi-
to engage in enforcement actions to attempt to nancing activities under securitization programs.
recover the receivables. Receivables from financ- Securitization transactions involve the sale of finan-
ing activities are generally secured on the title of cial receivables to a special purpose vehicle, which
cars or other guarantees. in turn finances the purchase of such financial re-
Financial liabilities, with the exception of deriv- ceivables by issuing asset-backed securities in the
ative financial instruments, are measured at amor- form of notes whose repayment of principal and in-
tized cost using the effective interest rate method. terest depends on the cash flows generated by the
related financial receivables. The receivables sold
DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS as part of securitization programs are consolidat-
ed until collection from the customer as they do not
Derivative financial instruments are used for eco- meet the requirements for derecognition in accor-
nomic hedging purposes only in order to reduce fi- dance with IFRS 9.
nancial risks and in particular, foreign currency risks. The Group may also sell certain of its trade
Derivative financial instruments qualify for hedge receivables through factoring transactions without
accounting only when at the inception of the hedge recourse. The Group derecognizes the trade receiv-
there is formal designation and documentation of ables when, and only when, the contractual rights
the hedging relationship, the hedge is expected to and risks to the cash flows arising from the related
be highly effective, its effectiveness can be reliably trade receivables are no longer held or the Group
measured and it is highly effective throughout the fi- has transferred the financial assets.
nancial reporting periods for which it is designated. In the case of a transfer of receivables, if the
All derivative financial instruments are mea- Group transfers substantially all the risks and
sured at fair value. rewards of ownership of the receivables, it derecog-
When derivative financial instruments qualify nizes the receivables and separately recognizes as
for hedge accounting, the following accounting assets or liabilities any rights and obligations created
treatments apply: or retained in the transfer. On derecognition of the
Cash flow hedges — Where a derivative financial receivables, the difference between their carrying
instrument is designated as a hedge of the exposure amount and the consideration received or receiv-
to variability in future cash flows of a recognized able for the transfer of the receivables is recognized
asset or liability or a highly probable forecasted within cost of sales for receivables from financing
transaction and could affect the consolidated income activities and within financial income or financial
statement, the effective portion of any gain or loss expenses for trade receivables.
on the derivative financial instrument is recognized
directly in other comprehensive income/(loss). The TRADE RECEIVABLES
cumulative gain or loss is reclassified from other
comprehensive income/(loss) to the consolidated Trade receivables are amounts due from clients
income statement at the same time as the economic for goods sold or services provided in the ordinary
effect arising from the hedged item affects the con- course of business. Trade receivables are recog-
solidated income statement. The gain or loss associ- nized initially at fair value and subsequently mea-
ated with a hedge or part of a hedge that has become sured at amortized cost using the effective interest
ineffective is recognized in the consolidated income rate method, less any provision for allowances.
statement immediately within net financial income/
expenses. When a hedging instrument or hedge rela- INVENTORIES
tionship is terminated but the hedged transaction is
still expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss Inventories of raw materials, semi-finished products
realized to the point of termination remains in other and finished goods are stated at the lower of cost
comprehensive income/(loss) and is recognized in and net realizable value, cost being determined on
the consolidated income statement at the same time a first-in first-out (FIFO) basis. The measurement of
as the underlying transaction. If the hedged transac- inventories includes the direct costs of materials, la-
tion is no longer probable, the cumulative unrealized bor and indirect costs (variable and fixed). Purchase
gain or loss held in other comprehensive income/ costs include ancillary costs. Prototypes are recog-
(loss) is recognized in the consolidated income state- nized at their estimated realizable value, if lower than
ment immediately. production cost. Provision is made for obsolete and
The Group does not use fair value hedges or slow-moving raw materials, finished goods, spare
hedges of a net investment. parts and other supplies based on their expected fu-
If hedge accounting cannot be applied, the gains ture use and realizable value. Net realizable value is
or losses from the fair value measurement of deriv- the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
ative financial instruments are recognized immedi- business less the estimated costs of completion and
ately within financial expenses. the estimated costs for sale and distribution.
375
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
Cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand, de- The Group has implemented equity incentive plans
posits held at call with banks and other short-term that provide for the granting of share-based com-
highly liquid investments with original maturities of pensation to the Chairman, the Chief Executive
three months or less. Officer, all other members of the Ferrari Leadership
Team and other key employees of the Group. The
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS Group also provides share-based compensation as
part of commercial agreements with certain suppli-
ers. The share-based compensation arrangements
DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 2 — Share-
based Payment, which requires the Company to rec-
Costs arising from defined contribution plans are ognize share-based compensation expense based
expensed as incurred. on fair value of awards granted. Compensation
expense for the equity-settled awards containing
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS market performance conditions is measured at
the grant date fair value of the award using a Monte
The Group’s net obligations are determined sepa- Carlo simulation model, which requires the input
rately for each plan by estimating the present val- of subjective assumptions, including the expected
ue of future benefits that employees have earned volatility of the Company’s common stock, the div-
in the current and prior periods, and deducting the idend yield, interest rates and a correlation coeffi-
fair value of any plan assets. The present value of the cient between the common stock and the relevant
defined benefit obligation is measured using actu- market index. The fair value of the awards which are
arial techniques and actuarial assumptions that are conditional only on a recipient’s continued service to
unbiased and mutually compatible and attributes the Company is measured using the share price at
benefits to periods in which the obligation to pro- the grant date adjusted for the present value of fu-
vide post-employment benefits arise by using the ture distributions which employees will not receive
Projected Unit Credit Method. during the vesting period.
The components of the defined benefit cost are Share-based compensation expense relating
recognized as follows: to the equity incentive plans is recognized over the
service period within selling, general and admin-
the service costs are recognized in the consol- istrative costs or cost of sales in the consolidated
idated income statement by function and pre- income statement depending on the function of
sented in the relevant line items (cost of sales, the employee, with an offsetting increase to equity.
selling, general and administrative costs, re- Share-based compensation expense relating to
search and development costs, etc.); commercial agreements with certain suppliers is
the net interest on the defined benefit liability recognized over the period in which the supplier’s
is recognized in the consolidated income state- services are received and classified within the con-
ment as net financial income /(expenses), and is solidated income statement depending on the func-
determined by multiplying the net liability/(asset) tion of the supplier’s services, with an offsetting
by the discount rate used to discount obligations increase to equity.
taking into account the effect of contributions
and benefit payments made during the year, and PROVISIONS
the remeasurement components of the net ob-
ligations, which comprise actuarial gains and Provisions are recognized when the Group has a
losses and any change in the effect of the as- present obligation, legal or constructive, as a result
set ceiling are recognized immediately in other of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of re-
comprehensive income/(loss). These remea- sources embodying economic benefits will be re-
surement components are not reclassified in quired to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate
the consolidated income statement in a subse- of the amount of the obligation can be made.
quent period.
WARRANTY AND RECALL CAMPAIGNS
OTHER LONG-TERM EMPLOYEE BENEFITS PROVISION
The Group’s obligations represent the present val- All cars are sold with warranty coverage. The war-
ue of future benefits that employees have earned ranty coverage generally applies to defects that may
in return for their service during the current and become apparent within a certain period from the
prior periods. Remeasurement components on oth- purchase of the car.
er long-term employee benefits are recognized in The warranty provision is recognized at the time
the consolidated income statement in the period in of the sale of the car, based on the present value
which they arise. of management’s estimate of the expected cost
to fulfill the obligations over the contractual war-
376
ranty period. Estimates are principally based on the collectability of the contract consideration is prob-
Group’s historical claims or costs experience and able. Payments from customers are typically due
the cost of parts and services to be incurred in the within 30 to 40 days of invoicing.
activities. The costs related to these provisions are The Group does not recognize any assets asso-
recognized within cost of sales at the time when they ciated with the incremental costs of obtaining a con-
are probable and reasonably estimable. tract with a customer that are expected to be recov-
See “—Use of estimates and judgments” below for ered. The majority of revenue is recognized at a
further details relating to recall campaigns. point-in-time or over a period of one year or less, and
the Group applies the practical expedient to recog-
DEFERRED INCOME nize the incremental costs of obtaining a contract as
an expense when incurred if the amortization period
Deferred income relates to amounts received by the of the asset that would otherwise be recognized is
Group under various agreements, which are reliant one year or less.
on the future performance of a service or other act
of the Group. Deferred income is recognized as net CARS, SPARE PARTS AND ENGINES
revenues when the Group has fulfilled its obligations
under the terms of the various agreements. The sales of cars, spare parts and engines have mul-
Range models (models belonging to the Ferrari tiple performance obligations that include products,
product portfolio, excluding Special Series, Icona, services, or a combination of products and services
limited edition supercars and one-off models) are as contracts may include maintenance programs
sold with a scheduled maintenance program to and extended warranties that are separately priced
ensure that the cars are maintained to the highest or not separately priced. Contracts may also include
standards to meet the Group’s strict requirements variable consideration for discounts such as sales
for performance and safety. Amounts attributable incentives and performance based bonuses and
to the maintenance program are not recognized as product returns. The Group offers incentives to its
income immediately, but are deferred over the main- third-party dealers, which are designed to promote
tenance program term. The amount of the deferred the sale of cars and parts, as well as a variety of other
income related to this program is based on the esti- performance indicators, which may be qualitative or
mated fair value of the service to be provided. quantitative, such as quality service, customer satis-
faction and preservation of the Ferrari brand, among
ADVANCES others. The cost of incentives is estimated at the in-
ception of a contract at the expected amount that will
Advances relate to amounts received from or billed ultimately be paid and is recognized as a reduction to
to customers in advance of having delivered the revenue generally at the time of the sale or when the
related cars or provided the related services. The dealer is expected to achieve the required perfor-
advances are recognized in net revenues when the mance if in relation to other performance indicators
cars are shipped or the services provided. different from sales. Revenues recognized are limit-
ed to the amount of consideration the Group expects
REVENUE RECOGNITION to receive. The Group allocates the transaction price
to the performance obligations based on the stand
Revenue is recognized when control over a product alone selling prices (SSP) for each obligation. When
or service is transferred to a customer. Revenue is the SSP does not exist, the Group estimates the SSP
measured at the transaction price which is based on based on the adjusted market approach.
the amount of consideration that the Group expects Revenues for the sale of cars, spare parts and
to receive in exchange for transferring the prom- engines are recognized at a point in time when con-
ised goods or services to the customer and excludes trol of the cars, spare parts or engines is transferred
any sales incentives as well as taxes collected from to the customer based on shipping terms, which
customers that are remitted to government author- generally corresponds to the date when the cars,
ities. The transaction price will include estimates of spare parts and engines are released to the carrier
variable consideration to the extent it is probable responsible for transportation to dealers or Maserati
that a significant reversal of revenue recognized will (the contract for the supply of engines to Maserati
not occur. The Group enters into contracts that may expired in December 2023). Revenues relating to
include both products and services, which are gen- the maintenance program are recognized over time
erally capable of being distinct and accounted for as based on the input method of measuring progress
separate performance obligations. towards complete satisfaction of the related per-
The Group generates revenue from the sale of formance obligation, calculated as a proportion of
cars, spare parts and engines as well as from spon- overall revenues expected during the maintenance
sorship, commercial and brand activities. The Group period equal to the ratio of costs incurred in the
accounts for a contract with a customer when there reporting period compared to the overall costs to be
is a legally enforceable contract between the Group incurred during the maintenance period. Revenues
and the customer, the rights of the parties are iden- relating to the extended warranties are recognized
tified, the contract has commercial substance, and on a straight-line basis over the extended warranty
377
period. Revenues from the supply of engines and amortization, insurance and transportation costs.
related services to other Formula 1 racing teams are Cost of sales also includes warranty and product-re-
recognized over time on a time and materials basis lated costs, which are estimated and recorded at
when the services are provided. the time of sale of the car.
Management has exercised judgment in deter- Costs that are directly attributable to financial ser-
mining performance obligations, variable consider- vices activities, including interest expenses related to
ation, allocation of transaction price and the timing financing and provisions for risks and write-downs
of revenue recognition. of assets, are also reported in cost of sales.
SPONSORSHIP, COMMERCIAL AND BRAND OTHER EXPENSES AND OTHER INCOME
ACTIVITIES
Other expenses consist of miscellaneous costs
Revenues from sponsorship agreements in connec- which cannot be allocated to specific functional ar-
tion with our participation in racing competitions eas, such as indirect taxes, accruals for provisions
are generally recognized ratably over the contract not attributable to cost of sales or selling, general
term as the customer benefits from the service and administrative costs, and other miscellaneous
throughout the service period. Revenues from expenses, including marketing expenses incurred
sponsorship agreements that contain variable con- on behalf of our third-party dealers.
sideration based on the performance of the Group’s Other income consists of miscellaneous income
racing teams are estimated and recognized over the that is not directly attributable to the sale of goods or
relevant period to the extent that it is highly probable services, such as gains on the disposal of property
that a significant reversal in the amount of the cu- plant and equipment, the release of certain provi-
mulative revenue recognized will not occur, which is sions originally recognized as other expenses, rental
typically when it is considered highly probable that income and other miscellaneous income.
the related conditions associated with the variable
consideration will be achieved. TAXES
Revenues from commercial activities primar-
ily relate to the revenues from participating in the Income taxes include all taxes based upon the tax-
Formula 1 World Championship. The revenues able profits of the Group. Current and deferred tax-
attributable to each racing team are governed by a es are recognized as income or expense and are in-
specific agreement and depend upon, among other cluded in the consolidated income statement for the
factors, the prior year ranking of each of the racing period, except tax arising from (i) a transaction or
teams. Revenues of the commercial activities are event which is recognized, in the same or a different
recognized ratably over the contract term. period, either in other comprehensive income/(loss)
Revenues from brand licensing agreements or directly in equity, or (ii) a business combination.
where the customer has a right to access the Deferred taxes are accounted using the bal-
Group’s brands or the contract includes minimum ance sheet method. Deferred tax liabilities are
guaranteed payments are recognized on a straight- recognized for all taxable temporary differences
line basis over the contract term. Licensing revenues between the carrying amounts of assets or liabili-
in excess of the minimum guaranteed payments are ties and their tax base, except to the extent that the
recognized when the related conditions are satis- deferred tax liabilities arise from the initial recogni-
fied. Revenues from sales-based licensing agree- tion of goodwill or the initial recognition of an asset
ments are recognized when the sales occur. or liability in a transaction which is not a business
Management has exercised judgment in deter- combination and at the time of the transaction,
mining variable consideration. affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit.
Deferred tax assets are recognized for all deduct-
OTHER REVENUES ible temporary differences to the extent that it is
probable that taxable profit will be available against
Interest income generated by our financial service which the deductible temporary differences can
activities from the provision of client and dealer fi- be utilized, unless the deferred tax assets arise
nancing is reported within revenues using the effec- from the initial recognition of an asset or liability
tive interest rate method and not within net financial in a transaction that is not a business combination
income/expenses. and at the time of the transaction, affects neither
accounting profit nor taxable profit.
COST OF SALES Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
at the substantively enacted tax rates in the respec-
Cost of sales comprises expenses incurred in the tive jurisdictions in which the Group operates that
manufacturing and distribution of cars and parts are expected to apply to the period when the asset
(including the engines rented to other Formula 1 rac- is realized or liability is settled. Any remeasurements
ing teams), of which, cost of materials, components to deferred tax assets and liabilities as a result of
and labor costs are the most significant portion. The changes in substantially enacted tax rates are rec-
remaining costs principally include depreciation, ognized in the consolidated income statement.
378
The recoverability of deferred tax assets is depen- ROUNDING OF AMOUNTS
dent on the Group’s ability to generate sufficient
future taxable income in the period in which it is All amounts disclosed in the consolidated financial
assumed that the deductible temporary differenc- statements and notes have been rounded off to the
es reverse and tax losses carried forward can be nearest thousand Euro unless otherwise stated.
utilized. In making this assessment, the Group con-
siders future taxable income arising on the most re- SEGMENT REPORTING
cent budgets and plans, prepared by using the same
criteria described for testing the impairment of as- The Group has determined that it has one operating
sets and goodwill, moreover, it estimates the impact and one reportable segment based on the informa-
of the reversal of taxable temporary differences tion reviewed by the Board of Directors (the Group’s
on earnings and it also considers the period over “Chief Operating Decision Maker” as defined in IFRS
which these assets could be recovered. The carry- 8 — Operating Segments) in making decisions re-
ing amount of deferred tax assets is reduced to the garding the allocation of resources and to assess
extent that it is not probable that sufficient taxable performance.
profit will be available to allow the benefit of part or For additional disclosures required by IFRS 8,
all of the deferred tax assets to be utilized. The car- see Note 31 “Entity-Wide Disclosures”.
rying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at
each reporting date. USE OF ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS
The Group recognizes deferred tax liabilities
associated with the existence of a subsidiary’s undis- The Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared
tributed profits, except when it is able to control the in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards,
timing of the reversal of the temporary difference which require the use of estimates, judgments and
and it is probable that this temporary difference will assumptions that affect the carrying amount of as-
not reverse in the foreseeable future. The Group sets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent as-
recognizes deferred tax assets associated with the sets and liabilities and the amounts of income and
deductible temporary differences on investments in expenses recognized. The estimates and associated
subsidiaries only to the extent that it is probable that assumptions are based on elements that are known
the temporary differences will reverse in the foresee- when the financial statements are prepared, on his-
able future and taxable profit will be available against torical experience and on any other factors that are
which the temporary difference can be utilized. considered to be relevant.
Deferred tax assets relating to the carry-for- Estimates and underlying assumptions are
ward of unused tax losses and tax credits, as well reviewed periodically and continuously by the Group.
as those arising from deductible temporary differ- If the items subject to estimates do not perform as
ences, are recognized to the extent that it is proba- assumed, then the actual results could differ from
ble that future profits will be available against which the estimates, which would require adjustments. The
they can be utilized. effects of any changes in estimates are recognized
Current income taxes and deferred taxes are in the consolidated income statement in the period
offset when they relate to the same taxation author- in which the changes are made, or prospectively in
ity and there is a legally enforceable right of offset. future periods.
Imposta Regionale sulle Attività Produttive Based on information available to management at
(“IRAP”) is recognized within income tax expense. the end of the reporting period, there were no major
IRAP is calculated on a measure of income defined sources of estimation uncertainty that could have a
by the Italian Civil Code as the difference between significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment
operating revenues and costs, before financial to the carrying amount of assets and liabilities within
income and expense, and in particular before the the next financial year. Additionally, no critical judg-
cost of fixed-term employees, credit losses and any ments have been made in applying the accounting
interest included in lease payments. IRAP is applied policies.
on the tax base at 3.9 percent for the years ended The main accounting policies affected by esti-
December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. mates and judgments are disclosed below.
Tax uncertainties are accounted for in accor-
dance with IFRIC 23. MAINTENANCE PROGRAMS AND EXTENDED
Other taxes not based on income, such as prop- WARRANTIES
erty taxes and capital taxes, are included in other
expenses, net. The Group’s new cars are sold with a scheduled
maintenance program to ensure that the cars are
DIVIDENDS maintained to the highest standards to meet the
Group’s strict requirements for performance and
Dividends payable by the Group are reported as a safety. Amounts attributable to the maintenance
change in equity in the period in which they are ap- programs are not recognized as income immedi-
proved by shareholders or the Board of Directors as ately, but are recognized over the maintenance pro-
applicable under local rules and regulations. gram term based on the input method of measuring
379
progress towards complete satisfaction of the relat- of the Group’s business, its historical profitability
ed performance obligation, calculated as a propor- and its future earnings prospects indicate that the
tion of overall revenues expected during the mainte- carrying amount of the goodwill will continue to be
nance period equal to the ratio of costs incurred in recoverable even in the event of difficult economic
the reporting period compared to the overall costs and market conditions, including those that may be
to be incurred during the maintenance period. The caused by regulatory developments or climate-re-
amount of the deferred income related to this pro- lated matters. For additional information relating to
gram is based on the estimated fair value of the ser- the goodwill test performed, see Note 13 “Goodwill”.
vice to be provided. The Group also offers various
extended warranty programs to customers that NON-CURRENT ASSETS WITH DEFINITE
provide additional coverage beyond the warranty USEFUL LIVES
period required by applicable law or included with
all new car sales. Revenues relating to the extended The Group’s non-current assets (excluding good-
warranties are recognized on a straight-line basis will) primarily include intangible assets, which pri-
over the extended warranty period. Management marily relate to development costs, and property,
utilizes estimates or judgments in determining per- plant and equipment. At December 31, 2025 and
formance obligations, variable consideration, al- December 31, 2024, the Group’s intangible assets
location of the transaction price and the timing of amounted to €1,638,457 thousand and €1,545,664
revenue recognition in relation to its maintenance thousand, respectively (of which €1,595,783 thou-
programs and extended warranties. sand and €1,502,889 thousand related to devel-
opment costs), and the Group’s property, plant
RECALL CAMPAIGNS and equipment amounted to €2,057,891 thousand
and €1,828,784 thousand, respectively. The Group
The Group periodically initiates voluntary service makes significant investments for the development
actions to address various client satisfaction, safety of its existing and future product portfolio, and cap-
and emissions issues related to cars sold. Included italized development costs recognized for the years
in the reserve is the estimated cost of these services ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 amounted to
and recall actions. Considering the nature of the re- €421,265 thousand and €476,467 thousand respec-
call campaigns, in certain circumstances manage- tively. These costs were capitalized in accordance
ment may utilizes estimates or judgments in deter- with the criteria in IAS 38 - Intangible Assets, includ-
mining the related provisions. The estimated future ing, among others: (i) the costs can be measured re-
costs of these actions are based primarily on histor- liably, (ii) the technical feasibility of the product, esti-
ical experience and the cost of parts and services to mated volumes and expected pricing all support the
be incurred in the specified activities, and are rec- view that the development expenditure will generate
ognized at the time when they are probable and rea- future economic benefits, based primarily on infor-
sonably estimable. Estimates of the future costs of mation specific to business initiatives underlying the
these actions are inevitably imprecise due to several Group’s business plans, and (iii) the Company has the
uncertainties, including the number of cars affected intention to complete the development and the abili-
by a service or recall action. It is reasonably possible ty to use the related intangible assets. Management
that the ultimate cost of these service and recall ac- utilizes estimates or judgments in distinguishing be-
tions may require the Group to make expenditures tween research phases and development phases,
in excess of (or less than) established reserves over including as a result of regulatory developments. For
an extended period of time and the estimates are the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023,
periodically reviewed during the year. Due to the un- no impairment indicators were identified and the
certainty and potential volatility of these estimated Group did not recognize any impairment charges for
factors, changes in the assumptions used could af- non-current assets with definite useful lives.
fect the results of operations.
PROVISIONS
GOODWILL
The Group sells its cars around the world and is sub-
The Group’s goodwill amounted to €785,182 thou- ject to a variety of laws and regulations relating to
sand at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. the environment, and in particular, to the emissions
As required by IFRS Accounting Standards, an annu- of its cars. The group’s cars, together with the en-
al impairment test must be performed for goodwill, gines that power them, must comply with extensive
which requires management to estimate expected regional, national and local laws and regulations, and
future cash flows and the recoverable amount of the industry self-regulations (including those that regu-
cash-generating unit (CGU), which is represented by late vehicle safety). The Group is currently benefiting
the entire Ferrari Group. Based on the impairment from certain regulatory exemptions because it qual-
tests performed by management, the recoverable ifies as a small vehicle manufacturer or similar des-
amount of goodwill was significantly higher than its ignation in certain jurisdictions where it sells cars.
carrying amount for the years ended December 31, These exemptions provide a range of benefits, from
2025, 2024 and 2023. Furthermore, the exclusivity less stringent emissions caps and compliance date
380
extensions, to exemptions from zero emission ve- ical changes relating to fuel efficiency, electrifica-
hicle production requirements, which may require tion and greenhouse gas emissions, among others,
management to utilize estimates or judgments. The which are also impacting the luxury performance
Group recognized provisions for environmental sports car market in which the Group operates.
risks based on management’s best estimates of the As these regulatory developments and techno-
future cash outflows that will be required to settle logical changes continue to evolve, the Group’s strat-
the Group’s related obligations. For additional infor- egies, operations and business plans may change
mation, see Note 23 “Provisions”. and the recoverability of the Group’s assets could
be impacted, including the recoverability of good-
CLIMATE-RELATED MATTERS will, capitalized development costs and property,
plant and equipment as well as the accounting of the
Global climate change is resulting, and is expected to provisions.
continue to result, in natural disasters and extreme
weather occurring more frequently or with greater
intensity, including droughts, wildfires, storms, rising (3)
sea-levels, flooding, heat waves and cold waves. Such SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION
extreme events are driving changes in market dy-
namics, stakeholder expectations, local, national and
international climate change policies and regulations. Ferrari N.V. is the parent company of the Group and it
The global automotive industry in particular is holds, directly and indirectly, interests in the Group’s
currently experiencing significant developments main operating companies. The Group’s scope of
due to an increased focus on climate change and consolidation at December 31, 2025 and 2024 is pre-
evolving regulatory requirements and technolog- sented below.
At December 31, 2025 At December 31, 2024
Name Country Nature of Shares held Shares held Shares held Shares
business by the Group by NCI by the Group held by NCI
Directly held interests
Ferrari S.p.A. Italy Engineering, 100% —% 100% —%
manufacturing
and sales
New Business 33 S.p.A. (1) Italy Engineering, —% —% 100% —%
manufacturing
and sales
Indirectly held through Ferrari S.p.A.
Ferrari North America Inc. USA Importer and 100% —% 100% —%
distributor
Ferrari Japan KK Japan Importer and 100% —% 100% —%
distributor
Ferrari Australasia Pty Limited Australia Importer and 100% —% 100% —%
distributor
Ferrari International Cars Trading (Shanghai) China Importer and 80% 20% 80% 20%
Co. L.t.d. distributor
Ferrari (HK) Limited Hong Kong Importer and 100% —% 100% —%
distributor
Ferrari Korea Co., Ltd. (2) South Korea Importer and 51% 49% —% —%
distributor
Ferrari Far East Pte Limited Singapore Service 100% —% 100% —%
company
Ferrari Management Consulting (Shanghai) China Service 100% —% 100% —%
Co. L.t.d. company
Ferrari South West Europe S.a.r.l. France Service 100% —% 100% —%
company
Ferrari Central Europe GmbH Germany Service 100% —% 100% —%
company
381
G.S.A. S.A. in liquidation Switzerland Service 100% —% 100% —%
company
Mugello Circuit S.p.A. Italy Racetrack 100% —% 100% —%
management
Ferrari Financial Services, Inc. USA Financial 100% —% 100% —%
services
Indirectly held through other Group entities
Ferrari Auto Securitization Transaction LLC (3) USA Financial 100% —% 100% —%
services
Ferrari Auto Securitization Transaction - USA Financial 100% —% 100% —%
Lease, LLC (3) services
Ferrari Auto Securitization Transaction - USA Financial 100% —% 100% —%
Select, LLC (3) services
Ferrari Financial Services Titling Trust (3) USA Financial 100% —% 100% —%
services
Ferrari Lifestyle North America, Inc. (4)(5) USA Retail 100% —% 100% —%
(1) With effectiveness as of January 1, 2025, New Business 33 S.p.A. was merged by incorporation into Ferrari S.p.A.
(2) On October 2, 2025, the Group acquired a 51% percent controlling interest in Ferrari Korea Co., Ltd. from the former importer of
Ferrari cars into the South Korean market. Following the transaction, the Group began directly importing its cars into South Korea.
(3) Shareholding held by Ferrari Financial Services Inc. within the context of securitization transactions for receivables generated by the
Group’s financial services activities in the United States.
(4) Shareholding held by Ferrari North America Inc.
(5) Effective as of January 12, 2024, the company changed its name from 410 Park Display, Inc to Ferrari Lifestyle North America, Inc.
NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS terest in Ferrari Korea Co., Ltd., for which the Group
acquired a 51 percent interest in October 2025.
The Group’s non-controlling interests relate to (i) The equity and net profit attributable to non-con-
a 20 percent interest in Ferrari International Cars trolling interests are presented below and are not
Trading (Shanghai) Co. L.t.d., for which the Group considered to be significant to the Group.
holds an 80 percent interest, and (ii) a 49 percent in-
Equity attributable to non-controlling interests 7,849 9,292
Net profit attributable to non-controlling interests 2,597 4,036 5,409
382
(4)
NET REVENUES
A breakdown of net revenues is presented below.
Revenues from:
Cars and spare parts 6,005,243 5,727,688 5,119,181
Sponsorship, commercial and brand 819,551 669,776 571,759
Other (1) 320,974 279,204 279,206
Total net revenues 7,145,768 6,676,668 5,970,146
(1) Primarily includes net revenues from financial services activities, the management of the Mugello racetrack and other sports-related
activities, as well as net revenues generated from the rental of engines to other Formula 1 teams and, for the years ended December
31, 2024 and 2023 only, from the sale of engines to Maserati.
Interest and other financial income from finan- as production costs for engines supplied to other
cial services activities included within other net Formula 1 racing teams. In addition, cost of sales
revenues in 2025, 2024 and 2023 amounted to included costs related to engines sold to Maserati
€141,939 thousand, €130,406 thousand and S.p.A., primarily in 2023, when the related supply
€99,661 thousand, respectively. contract expired.
Interest and other financial expenses from finan-
cial services activities included within cost of sales
(5) in 2025, 2024 and 2023 amounted to €99,206 thou-
COST OF SALES sand, €88,308 thousand and €60,808 thousand,
respectively.
Cost of sales in 2025, 2024 and 2023 amounted to
€3,452,971 thousand, €3,329,483 thousand and (6)
€2,995,877 thousand, respectively, and consisted SELLING, GENERAL AND
primarily of materials, components and labor relat- ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS
ed to the manufacturing and distribution of cars and
spare parts. Cost of sales also includes depreciation
and amortization, insurance, transportation costs, A breakdown of selling, general and administrative
warranty and product-liability related costs, as well costs is presented below.
Selling costs 349,392 288,538 236,443
General and administrative costs 293,098 272,606 226,137
Total selling, general and administrative costs 642,490 561,144 462,580
Selling costs consist mainly of expenses related to through the Formula 1 racing team, Scuderia Ferrari.
sales personnel, marketing and events, and retail General and administrative costs consist mainly of
stores. Costs for marketing and events primarily re- administrative and other general expenses that are
late to corporate events, trade shows, and media and not directly attributable to manufacturing, sales, or
client events for the launch of new models, as well as research and development activities. These costs in-
lifestyle events, including the use of digital solutions. clude, in particular, personnel-related expenses and
These costs also include indirect marketing and costs associated with the development and mainte-
brand-promotion activities, including those incurred nance of the Group’s digital infrastructure.
383
(7)
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS
A breakdown of research and development costs is presented below.
Research and development costs expensed during the year 592,690 563,311 538,903
Amortization of capitalized development costs 326,171 330,781 342,656
Total research and development costs 918,861 894,092 881,559
Research and development costs expensed primarily relate to Formula
1 racing activities and programs to support innovation across the
Group’s product portfolio and components, particularly those involving
advanced technologies.
Research and development costs for the years December 31, 2025,
2024 and 2023 are presented net of technology-related government
incentives.
(8)
OTHER EXPENSES, NET
A breakdown of other expenses, net is presented below.
Other income 21,188 21,818 10,958
Other expenses 55,490 34,261 29,856
Total other expenses, net 34,302 12,443 18,898
Other expenses primarily consist of indirect taxes, provisions, and
other miscellaneous expenses, while other income primarily consists
of rental income, gains on the disposal of property, plant and equipment
and releases of previously recognized provisions, as well as other
miscellaneous income.
385
(9)
FINANCIAL EXPENSES AND FINANCIAL INCOME
A breakdown of financial expenses and financial income is presented
below.
Foreign exchange gains 129,070 92,051 91,019
Interest income 20,416 31,486 25,813
Other financial income 18,659 23,563 15,487
Financial income 168,145 147,100 132,319
Foreign exchange losses 167,230 99,087 111,216
Interest expenses 41,168 40,054 29,258
Other financial expenses 5,828 6,754 6,860
Financial expenses 214,226 145,895 147,334
Financial expenses/(income), net 46,081 (1,205) 15,015
Financial expenses primarily relate to foreign ex- er financial charges relating to those activities, are
change losses, including the net costs of hedging, recognized within net revenues and cost of sales,
and interest expenses on debt. respectively.
Financial income primarily relates to foreign
exchange gains and interest income on cash and
cash equivalents. In 2023, financial income includes (10)
gains of €7,940 thousand realized on the partial cash INCOME TAXES
tender executed during the third quarter of 2023 on
a bond that was fully repaid in 2025, upon maturity.
For additional information, see Note 24 “Debt”. A breakdown of income tax expense is presented
Interest and other financial income from financial below.
services activities, and interest expenses and oth-
Current tax expense 360,443 383,481 347,162
Deferred tax expense/(benefit) 106,556 (17,483) (4,541)
Taxes relating to prior years (2,880) (2,955) 2,276
Total income tax expense 464,119 363,043 344,897
The Group’s Italian entities participate in a group exemption (up to 50%) on extra profits attributable to
Italian tax consolidation under Ferrari N.V. eligible intangible assets, with the benefit recognized
Income tax expense amounted to €464,119 thou- over three annual installments starting from 2020.
sand, €363,043 thousand and €344,897 thousand In parallel, the new Patent Box regime, regulated by
for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and Law Decree No. 146 and effective from October 22,
2023, respectively. 2021, introduced a 110% super tax deduction for
Income taxes for the years ended December costs related to eligible intangible assets. Italian tax
31, 2023 and 2024 benefited from the coexistence legislation provided for a transitional period allow-
of two Patent Box tax regimes. The original Patent ing both regimes to be applied until 2024, when the
Box regime, introduced by Italian Law No. 190/2014, original regime expired. Consequently, for the year
was applied by the Group until 2024, granting a tax ended December 31, 2025, income taxes reflect the
386
benefits under the new Patent Box regime only. tax rate in effect in Italy, which was 24.0 percent for
A reconciliation between actual income tax each of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024
expense and the theoretical income tax expense, and 2023 is provided below.
calculated on the basis of the applicable corporate
Profit before taxes 2,063,635 1,888,956 1,602,354
Theoretical income tax rate 24.0% 24.0% 24.0%
Theoretical income tax expense 495,272 453,349 384,565
Tax effect on:
Permanent and other differences (104,596) (145,802) (95,836)
Italian Regional Income Tax (IRAP) 70,332 50,408 48,912
Effect of changes in tax rates and tax regulations 653 938 961
Differences between foreign tax rates 2,265 2,681 2,156
and the theoretical Italian tax rate and tax holidays
Taxes relating to prior years (2,880) (2,955) 2,276
Withholding tax on earnings 3,073 4,424 1,863
Income tax expense 464,119 363,043 344,897
Effective tax rate 22.5% 19.2% 21.5%
The effective tax rate was 22.5 percent, 19.2 percent as the difference between operating revenues and
and 21.5 percent for the years ended December 31, costs, before financial income and expense, and in
2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Patent Box particular before the cost of fixed-term employees,
benefit is included within “permanent and other dif- credit losses and any interest included in lease pay-
ferences” in the tax rate reconciliation above. ments. IRAP is calculated using financial information
Imposta Regionale sulle Attività Produttive prepared under Italian accounting standards. IRAP
(“IRAP”) (current and deferred) in 2025, 2024 and is applied on the tax base at 3.9 percent for each of
2023 amounted to €70,332 thousand, €50,408 thou- the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.
sand and €48,912 thousand, respectively. IRAP is A breakdown of deferred tax assets and deferred
only applicable to Italian entities and is calculated on tax liabilities at December 31, 2025 and 2024 is pro-
a measure of income defined by the Italian Civil Code vided below.
Deferred tax assets:
To be recovered after 12 months 134,196 93,073
To be recovered within 12 months 91,809 143,718
226,005 236,791
Deferred tax liabilities:
To be realized after 12 months (146,463) (82,429)
To be realized within 12 months (107,924) (27,587)
(254,387) (110,016)
Net deferred tax (liabilities)/assets (28,382) 126,775
387
The movements in deferred income tax assets and liabilities during the
year, without taking into consideration the offsetting of balances within
the same tax jurisdiction, are summarized below.
At December 31, Recognized in Charged Translation At December 31,
2024 consolidated to equity differences 2025
income and other
statement changes
Deferred tax assets arising on:
Provisions 194,630 17,357 — (2,625) 209,362
Intercompany profit on inventory 135,636 7,624 — (593) 142,667
and obsolescence
Allowances for doubtful 6,836 1,009 — 15 7,860
accounts
Depreciation 17,861 271 — (60) 18,072
Trademark step-up 77,004 (1,674) — — 75,330
Patent Box regime 133,492 (89,018) — — 44,474
Other 27,864 (20,744) (33,704) (11,414) (37,998)
Deferred tax assets 593,323 (85,175) (33,704) (14,677) 459,767
(prior to offsetting)
Offsetting of deferred tax assets (356,532) (233,762)
Total deferred tax assets 236,791 226,005
Deferred tax liabilities arising on:
Depreciation (4,258) 1,294 — 320 (2,644)
Capitalization of development (422,389) (29,900) — — (452,289)
costs
Tax on undistributed earnings (20,037) 8,618 — — (11,419)
Other (19,864) (1,393) — (540) (21,797)
Total deferred tax liabilities (466,548) (21,381) — (220) (488,149)
(prior to offsetting)
Offsetting of deferred tax 356,532 233,762
liabilities
Total deferred tax liabilities (110,016) (254,387)
Total net deferred tax assets/ 126,775 (106,556) (33,704) (14,897) (28,382)
(liabilities)
388
At December 31, Recognized in Charged Translation At December 31,
2023 consolidated to equity differences 2024
income and other
statement changes
Deferred tax assets arising on:
Provisions 183,035 10,703 — 892 194,630
Intercompany profit on 119,920 15,522 — 194 135,636
inventory and obsolescence
Allowances for doubtful 5,060 1,787 — (11) 6,836
accounts
Depreciation 17,782 92 — (13) 17,861
Trademark step-up 78,678 (1,674) — — 77,004
Patent Box regime 94,268 39,224 — — 133,492
Other 20,873 (10,217) 14,010 3,198 27,864
Deferred tax assets 519,616 55,437 14,010 4,260 593,323
(prior to offsetting)
Offsetting of deferred tax assets (302,063) (356,532)
Total deferred tax assets 217,553 236,791
Deferred tax liabilities arising on:
Depreciation (3,458) (645) — (155) (4,258)
Capitalization of development (385,257) (37,132) — — (422,389)
costs
Tax on undistributed earnings (18,859) (1,178) — — (20,037)
Other (31,335) 1,001 9,768 702 (19,864)
Total deferred tax liabilities (438,909) (37,954) 9,768 547 (466,548)
(prior to offsetting)
Offsetting of deferred tax 302,063 356,532
liabilities
Total deferred tax liabilities (136,846) (110,016)
Total net deferred tax assets/ 80,707 17,483 23,778 4,807 126,775
(liabilities)
The decision to recognize deferred tax assets is
made for each company in the Group by assessing
whether the conditions exist for the future recover-
ability of such assets by taking into account the ba-
sis of the most recent forecasts from budgets and
business plans.
Deferred taxes on the undistributed earnings
of subsidiaries have not been recognized, except in
cases where it is probable the distribution will occur
in the foreseeable future. At December 31, 2025, the
aggregate amount of temporary differences related
to remaining distributable earnings of the Group’s
subsidiaries where deferred tax liabilities have not
been recognized amounted to €395,685 thousand
(€286,653 thousand at December 31, 2024).
389
(11) (12)
OTHER INFORMATION BY NATURE EARNINGS PER SHARE
Personnel costs in 2025, 2024 and 2023 amount- BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE
ed to €662,496 thousand, €626,287 thousand and
€575,215 thousand, respectively. These amounts Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing
include costs that were capitalized in connection the profit attributable to owners of the Company by
with product development activities. In 2025, 2024 the weighted average number of common shares
and 2023, the average number of employees of the issued and outstanding during the period.
Group was 5,544, 5,327 and 4,960, respectively. The following table provides the amounts used
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment in the calculation of basic earnings per share for the
amounted to €298,734 thousand, €299,638 thou- years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.
sand and €290,204 thousand for the years ended
December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively
Amortization of intangible assets amounted
to €363,202 thousand, €367,139 thousand and
€372,101 thousand for the years ended December
31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Profit attributable to owners of the Company € thousand 1,596,919 1,521,877 1,252,048
Weighted average number of common shares for basic earnings thousand 178,125 179,743 181,220
per common share
Basic earnings per common share € 8.97 8.47 6.91
DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE incentive plans (assuming 100 percent of the target
awards vested). For additional information relating
For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and to the Group’s equity incentive plans, see Note 21
2023, the weighted average number of shares for “Share-Based Compensation”.
diluted earnings per share was increased to take The following table provides the amounts used in
into consideration the dilutive effects of the poten- the calculation of diluted earnings per share for the
tial common shares relating to the Group’s equity years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.
Profit attributable to owners of the Company € thousand 1,596,919 1,521,877 1,252,048
Weighted average number of common shares for diluted earnings thousand 178,321 179,992 181,511
per common share
Diluted earnings per common share € 8.96 8.46 6.90
The following table provides a reconciliation from the weighted average
number of common shares for basic earnings per share to the weighted
average number of common shares for diluted earnings per share.
Number of shares 2025 2024 2023
Weighted average number of common shares for basic earnings per share 178,125 179,743 181,220
Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
Share-based compensation 196 249 291
Weighted average number of common shares for diluted earnings per share 178,321 179,992 181,511
390
(13) consideration. The estimate of the value in use of the
GOODWILL CGU for purposes of performing the annual impair-
ment test was based on the following assumptions:
At December 31, 2025 and 2024 goodwill amounted The expected future cash flows covering the pe-
to €785,182 thousand. riod from 2026 through 2030 have been derived
In accordance with IAS 36, goodwill is not amor- from the Ferrari budgets and business plan.
tized and is tested for impairment annually, or more In particular the estimate considers expected
frequently if facts or circumstances indicate that the EBITDA adjusted to reflect the expected capital
asset may be impaired. Impairment testing is per- expenditure. These cash flows relate to the CGU
formed by comparing the carrying amount and the in its condition when preparing the consolidated
recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (CGU), financial statements and exclude the estimated
which is represented by the entire Ferrari Group. The cash flows that might arise from restructuring
recoverable amount of the CGU is the higher of its fair plans or other structural changes. Expected vol-
value less costs of disposal and its value in use. umes and sales mix used for estimating the fu-
The assumptions used in this process represent ture cash flows are based on assumptions that
management’s best estimate for the period under are considered reasonable and sustainable and
represent the best estimate of expected condi- the period being considered and the risks spe-
tions regarding market trends for the CGU over cific to the CGU under consideration.
the period considered.
The expected future cash flows include a nor- The recoverable amount of the CGU was significant-
malized terminal period used to estimate the ly higher than its carrying amount. Furthermore, the
future results beyond the time period explicitly exclusivity of the business, its historical profitability
considered, which were calculated by using the and its future earnings prospects indicate that the
specific medium/long-term growth rate for the carrying amount of the goodwill will continue to be
sector equal to 2.0 percent in 2025 (2.0 percent recoverable, even in the event of difficult economic
in 2024 and 2023). and market conditions.
The expected future cash flows have been esti- For additional information related to climate-re-
mated in Euro, and discounted using a post-tax lated matters, see Note 2 “Material Accounting
discount rate appropriate for that currency, de- Policies—Use of estimates and judgments—Climate-
termined by using a base WACC of 9.0 percent related matters—Goodwill”.
in 2025 (8.5 percent in 2024 and 9.2 percent in
2023). The WACC used reflects the current mar-
ket assessment of the time value of money for
391
(14)
INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Movements in intangible assets are summarized below.
Externally Development Patents, Other intangible Total
acquired costs internally concessions assets
development generated and licenses
costs
Gross carrying amount at 2,607,792 1,188,371 318,585 67,788 4,182,536
December 31, 2023
Additions 306,559 169,908 26,453 3,954 506,874
Divestitures (14,632) (945) (1,613) (12) (17,202)
Reclassifications — — 10,267 (9,684) 583
Translation differences and other 2,633 (2,632) — (15,000) (14,999)
movements
Balance at December 31, 2024 2,902,352 1,354,702 353,692 47,046 4,657,792
Additions 248,733 172,532 32,846 3,865 457,976
Divestitures (1,949) (498) (1,541) (17) (4,005)
Reclassifications — — 1,814 (340) 1,474
Translation differences and other — — (2) (25) (27)
movements
Balance at December 31, 2025 3,149,136 1,526,736 386,809 50,529 5,113,210
Accumulated amortization at December 1,760,157 666,111 282,628 53,941 2,762,837
31, 2023
Amortization 237,414 93,367 34,695 1,663 367,139
Divestitures (2,881) — — — (2,881)
Reclassification — — 31 — 31
Translation differences and other — (3) — (14,995) (14,998)
movements
Balance at December 31, 2024 1,994,690 759,475 317,354 40,609 3,112,128
Amortization 219,282 106,889 34,821 2,210 363,202
Divestitures (247) — (644) — (891)
Reclassification — — 314 — 314
Balance at December 31, 2025 2,213,725 866,364 351,845 42,819 3,474,753
Carrying amount at:
December 31, 2023 847,635 522,260 35,957 13,847 1,419,699
December 31, 2024 907,662 595,227 36,338 6,437 1,545,664
December 31, 2025 935,411 660,372 34,964 7,710 1,638,457
Additions to intangible assets were primarily attributable to externally
acquired and internally generated development costs related to both
current and future models.
392
(15)
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Movements in property, plant and equipment are summarized below.
Land Industrial Plant, Other Advances and Total
buildings machinery and assets assets under
equipment construction
Gross carrying amount at 151,229 523,147 3,205,733 265,245 391,792 4,537,146
December 31, 2023
Additions 1,565 56,504 105,175 60,804 332,908 556,956
Divestitures — (2,853) (75,491) (7,039) (78) (85,461)
Reclassifications 1 80,119 116,426 (6,600) (224,842) (34,896)
Translation differences and other 18 509 (1,848) 4,459 (645) 2,493
movements
Balance at December 31, 2024 152,813 657,426 3,349,995 316,869 499,135 4,976,238
Additions — 27,029 159,208 80,565 288,114 554,916
Divestitures — (2,595) (72,851) (20,028) (1,198) (96,672)
Reclassifications 5,353 14,452 244,518 (3,925) (272,519) (12,121)
Translation differences and other (34) (3,065) (86) (7,584) (10,089) (20,858)
movements
Balance at December 31, 2025 158,132 693,247 3,680,784 365,897 503,443 5,401,503
Accumulated depreciation at — 232,068 2,547,621 182,257 — 2,961,946
December 31, 2023
Depreciation — 27,042 243,424 29,172 — 299,638
Divestitures — (1,516) (72,308) (6,540) — (80,364)
Reclassifications — (8,153) (12,355) (12,668) — (33,176)
Translation differences and other — (56) (4,226) 3,692 — (590)
movements
Balance at December 31, 2024 — 249,385 2,702,156 195,913 — 3,147,454
Depreciation — 30,017 234,243 34,474 — 298,734
Divestitures — (1,693) (70,264) (17,403) — (89,360)
Reclassifications — (5,170) (516) (5,053) — (10,739)
Translation differences and other — (1,694) 1,745 (2,528) — (2,477)
movements
Balance at December 31, 2025 — 270,845 2,867,364 205,403 — 3,343,612
Carrying amount at:
December 31, 2023 151,229 291,079 658,112 82,988 391,792 1,575,200
of which right-of use assets under IFRS 16 — 22,971 3,396 41,888 — 68,255
December 31, 2024 152,813 408,041 647,839 120,956 499,135 1,828,784
of which right-of use assets under IFRS 16 — 38,918 8,569 68,884 — 116,371
December 31, 2025 158,132 422,402 813,420 160,494 503,443 2,057,891
of which right-of use assets under IFRS 16 — 37,022 6,131 103,113 — 146,266
393
Additions to property, plant and equipment primar- e-Building was inaugurated in June 2024 and is used
ily related to investments in car and engine produc- for the production and development of models with
tion lines, including those supporting models to be internal combustion, hybrid and fully electric pow-
launched in future years, as well as investments for ertrains, as well as strategic electrical components.
personalization programs, the e-Building and the Movements in right-of-use assets are summa-
ongoing construction of the new paint shop. The rized below.
Industrial Plant, Other Total
buildings machinery and assets
equipment
Balance at December 31, 2023 22,971 3,396 41,888 68,255
Additions 27,474 7,529 39,676 74,679
Disposals (1,231) (2) (17) (1,250)
Depreciation (10,445) (2,364) (13,977) (26,786)
Translation differences and other movements 149 10 1,314 1,473
Balance at December 31, 2024 38,918 8,569 68,884 116,371
Additions 9,909 411 59,386 69,706
Disposals (113) (17) (2,145) (2,275)
Depreciation (11,359) (2,809) (18,683) (32,851)
Translation differences and other movements (333) (23) (4,329) (4,685)
Balance at December 31, 2025 37,022 6,131 103,113 146,266
A breakdown of lease expenses is presented below.
For the year ended December 31,
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 32,851 26,786 19,589
Interest expense on lease liabilities 5,032 3,356 1,450
Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities 1,245 1,781 1,213
Expenses relating to short-term leases and leases of low-value assets 4,043 3,077 2,842
Total expenses recognized 43,171 35,000 25,094
For the year ended December 31, 2025 depreci- At December 31, 2025, the Group had contractual
ation of right-of-use assets amounted to €32,851 commitments for the purchase of property, plant
thousand and interest˜ expense on lease liabilities and equipment amounting to €275,178 thousand
amounted to €5,032 thousand (€26,786 thousand (€397,473 thousand at December 31, 2024), reflect-
and €3,356 thousand, respectively, for the year end- ing investments the Group is making to expand ve-
ed December 31, 2024 and €19,589 thousand and hicle architectures, strengthen infrastructure, in-
€1,450 thousand respectively, for the year ended cluding the new paint shop, and support innovation
December 31, 2023). in advanced technologies such as hybrid and elec-
tric powertrains.
394
(16)
INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
A breakdown of investments and other financial assets is presented
below.
Investments accounted for using the equity method 76,011 63,438
Other securities and financial assets 20,433 17,384
Total investments and other financial assets 96,444 80,822
INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
Movements in the carrying amount of investments accounted for using
the equity method are presented below.
Balance at December 31, 2023 55,200
Proportionate share of net profit for the year ended December 31, 2024 8,245
Proportionate share of remeasurement of defined benefit plans and other movements (7)
Balance at December 31, 2024 63,438
Proportionate share of net profit for the year ended December 31, 2025 12,572
Proportionate share of remeasurement of defined benefit plans and other movements 1
Balance at December 31, 2025 76,011
Investments accounted for using the equity method tain lifestyle activities in the local market, for which
mainly relate to the Group’s investment in FFS GmbH, the Group holds a 49.0 percent interest.
for which the Group holds a 49.9 percent interest, as Summarized financial information relating to
well as the Group’s investment in FS China Limited, a FFS GmbH at and for the years ended December 31,
joint venture formed in China in 2021 to manage cer- 2025 and 2024 is presented below.
Assets
Non-current assets 4,795 4,825
Receivables from financing activities 1,246,366 1,371,071
Other current assets 11,274 8,766
Cash and cash equivalents 22,989 28,571
Total assets 1,285,424 1,413,233
Equity and liabilities
Equity 150,318 125,040
Debt 991,075 1,126,177
Other liabilities 144,031 162,016
Total equity and liabilities 1,285,424 1,413,233
395
For the year ended December 31,
Net revenues 95,936 88,597 66,446
Cost of sales 51,840 52,415 37,198
Selling, general and administrative costs 9,590 9,966 9,314
Other expenses, net 3,239 2,826 1,574
Profit before taxes 31,267 23,390 18,360
Income tax expense 5,978 6,472 5,147
Net profit 25,289 16,918 13,213
OTHER SECURITIES AND FINANCIAL ASSETS the group responsible for the promotion of the
Formula 1 World Championship, which are mea-
Other securities and financial assets primarily in- sured at fair value and amounted to €16,743 thou-
clude the Group’s holdings of Series C Formula One sand at December 31, 2025 (€15,816 thousand at
Group Common Stock of Liberty Media Corporation, December 31, 2024) (the “Liberty Media Shares”).
(17)
INVENTORIES
A breakdown of inventories is presented below.
Raw materials 238,426 222,243
Semi-finished goods 258,287 239,388
Finished goods 617,191 626,563
Total inventories 1,113,904 1,088,194
The amount of inventory write-downs recognized as an expense within
cost of sales during 2025 was €37,689 thousand (€36,932 thousandÚ in
2024 and €20,822 thousand in 2023).
Changes in the provision for slow moving and obsolete inventories are
presented below.
At January 1, 149,228 123,428
Additional provisions 37,689 36,932
Utilizations and other changes (24,319) (11,132)
At December 31, 162,598 149,228
396
(18)
CURRENT RECEIVABLES AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
A breakdown of current receivables and other current assets is
presented below.
Trade receivables 360,339 349,176
Receivables from financing activities 1,613,396 1,661,632
Current tax receivables 31,715 15,918
Other current assets 159,223 137,763
Total 2,164,673 2,164,489
TRADE RECEIVABLES
A breakdown of trade receivables by nature is presented below.
Trade receivables due from:
Dealers 145,061 153,894
Sponsorship and commercial activities 108,737 81,863
Brand activities 37,346 26,189
Stellantis Group companies 1,070 3,654
Other 68,125 83,576
Total 360,339 349,176
Trade receivables due from dealers relate to receiv- and the World Endurance Championship. Trade
ables for the sale of cars across the dealer network receivables due from brand activities relate to
and are generally settled within 30 to 40 days from amounts receivable for licensing and merchandis-
the date of invoice. ing activities.
Trade receivables due from sponsorship and The Group is not exposed to significant concen-
commercial activities mainly relate to the Group’s trations of third party credit risk.
participation in the Formula 1 World Championship
397
A breakdown of trade receivables by currency is presented below.
Trade receivables denominated in:
Euro 143,909 166,846
U.S. Dollar 170,138 152,537
Japanese Yen 16,867 6,104
Pound Sterling 6,246 12,814
Chinese Yuan 2,132 4,701
Other currencies 21,047 6,174
Total 360,339 349,176
Trade receivables are shown net of an allowance for sions to the allowance for doubtful accounts are
doubtful accounts determined on the basis of insol- recorded within selling, general and administrative
vency risk and historical experience, adjusted for costs in the consolidated income statement.
forward-looking factors specific to the receivables Changes in the allowance for doubtful accounts
and the economic environment. Additional provi- of trade receivables are presented below.
At January 1 33,376 25,418
Additional provisions 16,385 10,884
Utilizations (11,527) (2,104)
Releases (1,996) (828)
Other changes — 6
At December 31 36,238 33,376
RECEIVABLES FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES During 2025 the average contractual duration at
inception of such contracts was approximately 69
Receivables from financing activities relate to fi- months (68 months in 2024) and the weighted av-
nancing provided by the Group to Ferrari clients to erage interest rate was approximately 8.8 percent
finance their car acquisitions in the United States. (approximately 8.3 percent in 2024). Receivables for
The underlying receivables are denominated in U.S. client financing are generally secured on the titles of
Dollars and are generally secured on the title of cars the related cars or other personal guarantees.
or other guarantees. Receivables from financing activities are shown
net of an allowance for doubtful accounts and addi-
tional provisions are recorded within cost of sales in
the consolidated income statement.
398
Changes in the allowance for doubtful accounts of receivables from
financing activities are presented below.
At January 1 16,547 11,165
Additional provisions 13,557 10,038
Utilizations (8,984) (5,293)
Releases (45) (57)
Other changes (2,333) 694
At December 31 18,742 16,547
OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
A breakdown of other current assets is presented below.
Italian and foreign VAT credits 99,593 56,837
Prepayments 51,863 63,983
Other 7,767 16,943
Total other current assets 159,223 137,763
Other includes security deposits, amounts due from authorities for VAT reimbursements according to
personnel and other receivables. Italian legislation, and (iii) customs authorities for
At December 31, 2025, the Group had pro- duties on import and export activities.
vided guarantees through third parties amount- A breakdown of receivables and other current
ing to €168,930 thousand (€225,438 thousand at assets (excluding prepayments) by due date is pre-
December 31, 2024), principally to (i) banks for a U.S. sented below.
Dollar denominated credit facility of FFS Inc., (ii) tax
At December 31, 2025
Due within Due between one Due beyond Overdue Total
one year and five years five years
Trade receivables 310,058 7,962 — 42,319 360,339
Receivables from financing activities (1) 250,791 1,139,104 118,920 104,581 1,613,396
Current tax receivables 27,755 3,960 — — 31,715
Other current assets (excluding prepayments) 107,360 — — — 107,360
Total 695,964 1,151,026 118,920 146,900 2,112,810
399
At December 31, 2024
Due within Due between one Due beyond Overdue Total
one year and five years five years
Trade receivables 302,025 — — 47,151 349,176
Receivables from financing activities (1) 237,414 1,226,598 90,417 107,203 1,661,632
Current tax receivables 11,454 4,464 — — 15,918
Other current assets (excluding prepayments) 73,389 — — 391 73,780
Total 624,282 1,231,062 90,417 154,745 2,100,506
(1) Excluding interest generated on these receivables. If a counterparty to the receivables has failed to make at least one contractual
payment by the respective due date, the entire amount of the receivable is considered overdue.
Overdue amounts represent receivables and other current assets
where payments are past their due date.
(19)
CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS AND OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
A breakdown of current financial assets is presented below.
Financial derivatives 73,664 19,350
Other financial assets 4,421 5,656
Current financial assets 78,085 25,006
Current financial assets and other financial liabilities mainly relate to
foreign exchange derivatives and interest rate caps.
A breakdown of derivative assets and liabilities is presented below.
Positive fair Negative fair Positive fair Negative fair
value value value value
Cash flow hedge:
Currency swaps 70,942 (5,936) 11,591 (58,911)
Interest rate caps 1,487 — 5,547 —
Commodities — (334) — —
Total Cash flow hedges 72,429 (6,270) 17,138 (58,911)
Other foreign currency derivatives 1,235 (335) 2,212 (2,983)
Other — (800) — —
Current financial assets/(liabilities) 73,664 (7,405) 19,350 (61,894)
400
Foreign currency derivatives that do not meet the stantially all derivative financial instruments had a
requirements to be recognized as cash flow hedg- maturity of twelve months or less.
es are presented as other foreign currency deriv- A breakdown of outstanding derivative financial
atives. Interest rate caps relate to derivative instru- instruments by foreign currency based on their fair
ments required as part of certain securitization value and notional amounts is presented below.
agreements. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, sub-
At December 31, 2025 At December 31, 2024
Fair Value Notional Fair Value Notional
Amount Amount
Currencies:
U.S. Dollar 42,650 2,850,720 (43,002) 2,818,516
Japanese Yen 23,575 476,778 5,119 270,514
Swiss Franc 567 136,354 (273) 116,872
Pound Sterling 466 126,060 (2,987) 157,264
Chinese Yuan (187) 110,695 (2,880) 188,968
Other(1) (812) 227,501 1,479 155,401
Total amount 66,259 3,928,108 (42,544) 3,707,535
(1) ther mainly relates to the Australian Dollar, the Canadian Dollar and the Hong Kong Dollar.
CASH FLOW HEDGES flow hedges where the derivative qualifies for hedge
accounting. The amounts recorded in the cash flow
Cash flow hedges mainly relate to foreign currency hedge reserve within other comprehensive income
risk management and in particular, the exposure to will be recognized in the consolidated income state-
fluctuations in the Euro/U.S. Dollar exchange rate for ment according to the timing of the flows of the
sales in U.S. Dollars. underlying transactions. Management believes that
The policy of the Group for managing foreign cur- substantially all of the hedging effects arising from
rency risk normally requires hedging of a portion of these derivative contracts and recorded in the cash
projected future cash flows from trading activities flow hedge reserve will be recognized in the con-
and orders acquired (or contracts in progress) in solidated income statement within the following 12
foreign currencies that will occur within the follow- months from the reporting date.
ing 12 months. According to such policy, the hedging A breakdown of gains and losses, net of the
strategy is periodically updated and rebalanced, gen- related tax effects, reclassified from other compre-
erally on a monthly basis. Derivatives relating to for- hensive income/(loss) to the consolidated income
eign currency risk management are treated as cash statement is presented below.
Net revenues 60,389 20,827 48,393
Income tax expenses (16,849) (5,811) (13,502)
Total recognized in the consolidated income statement 43,540 15,016 34,891
The ineffectiveness of cash flow hedges was not material for the years
2025, 2024 and 2023.
402
(20)
EQUITY
SHARE CAPITAL
At December 31, 2025 and 2024 the fully paid up share capital of the
Company was €2,573 thousand. The following table summarizes the
number of common shares and special voting shares of the Company at
December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, each of which has a nominal
value of €0.01.
Common shares Special voting shares
Total Outstanding Held in Total Outstanding Held in
treasury treasury
At December 31, 2023 193,923,499 180,418,090 13,505,409 63,349,112 63,332,872 16,240
Shares repurchased under share — (1,440,264) 1,440,264 — — —
repurchase program
Shares assigned under equity incentive — 41,790 (41,790) — — —
plans (2)
Other changes — 24,715 (24,715) — 1 (1)
At December 31, 2024 193,923,499 179,044,331 14,879,168 63,349,112 63,332,873 16,239
Shares repurchased under share — (1,877,020) 1,877,020 — — —
repurchase program (1)
Shares assigned under equity incentive — 111,582 (111,582) — — —
plans (2)
ABO (3) — — — — (6,666,667) 6,666,667
Other changes (4) — — — — (565) 565
At December 31, 2025 193,923,499 177,278,893 16,644,606 63,349,112 56,665,641 6,683,471
Percentage of shares held in treasury At At
December December
31, 2025 31, 2024
Total shares (common shares and special 9.07% 5.79%
voting shares)
Common shares 6.47% 5.78%
(1) Includes shares repurchased under the share repurchase program between January 1, 2025 and December 31, 2025 based on the
transaction trade date, for a total consideration, including transaction costs and including the shares purchased under Sell to Cover
(as described below), of €785,329 thousand.
(2) On March 13, 2025, 113,466 common shares, which were previously held in treasury, were assigned to participants of the equity
incentive plans as a result of the vesting of certain performance share unit and retention restricted share unit awards. On the
same day, the Company purchased 47,907 common shares, for a total consideration of €19,834 thousand, from a group of those
employees who were assigned shares in order to cover the individual’s taxable income as is standard practice (Sell to Cover) in
a cross transaction. Between April and September 2025, 46,023 share awards vested under the broad-based employee share
ownership plan and agreements with suppliers.
(3) On March 15, 2024, 76,979 common shares, which were previously held in treasury, were assigned to participants of the equity
incentive plans as a result of the vesting of certain performance share unit and retention restricted share unit awards. On the
same day, the Company purchased 35,189 common shares, for a total consideration of €13,548 thousand, from a group of those
employees who were assigned shares in order to cover the individual’s taxable income as is standard practice (Sell to Cover) in a
cross transaction
(4) Relates to the deregistration of special voting shares, under the Company’s special voting shares terms and conditions, following the
accelerated bookbuild offering (“ABO”) made by Exor N.V. on February 26, 2025.
(5) Relates to the deregistration of certain special voting shares under the Company’s special voting shares terms and conditions.
403
THE LOYALTY VOTING STRUCTURE RETAINED EARNINGS AND OTHER RESERVES
The purpose of the loyalty voting structure is to re- Retained earnings and other reserves include:
ward ownership of the Company’s common shares
and to promote stability of the Company’s share- a share premium reserve of €5,768,544 thousand
holder base by granting long-term shareholders of at December 31, 2025 (€5,768,544 thousand at
the Company with special voting shares. Following December 31, 2024).
the separation of Ferrari from the Stellantis Group a legal reserve of €83 thousand at December 31,
(previously referred to as Fiat Chrysler Automobiles 2025 and €110 thousand at December 31, 2024,
N.V. or FCA prior to the merger between FCA and determined in accordance with Dutch law.
Peugeot S.A. completed on January 16, 2021, which a treasury reserve of €3,071,083 thousand at
resulted in the creation of Stellantis N.V.) in 2016, December 31, 2025 and €2,285,756 thousand at
Exor N.V. (“Exor”) and Piero Ferrari participate in the December 31, 2024.
Company’s loyalty voting program and, therefore, a share-based compensation reserve of €41,791
effectively hold two votes for each of the common thousand at December 31, 2025 and €45,793 thou-
shares they hold. Investors who purchase common sand at December 31, 2024.
shares may elect to participate in the loyalty voting
program by registering their common shares in the Following approval of the annual accounts by the
loyalty share register and holding them for three shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of the
years. The loyalty voting program will be affected by Shareholders on April 16, 2025, a dividend distribu-
means of the issue of special voting shares to eligi- tion of €2.986 per outstanding common share was
ble holders of common shares. Each special voting approved, corresponding to a total distribution of
share entitles the holder to exercise one vote at the €532,158 thousand, which was paid in 2025. The distri-
Company’s shareholder meetings. Only a minimal bution was made from the retained earnings reserve.
dividend accrues to the special voting shares allo- Following approval of the annual accounts by the
cated to a separate special dividend reserve, and the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of the
special voting shares do not carry any entitlement to Shareholders on April 17, 2024, a dividend distribu-
any other reserve of the Group. The special voting tion of €2.443 per outstanding common share was
shares have only immaterial economic entitlements approved, corresponding to a total distribution of
and, as a result, do not impact the Company’s earn- €439,918 thousand, which was paid in 2024. The distri-
ings per share calculation. bution was made from the retained earnings reserve.
Following approval of the annual accounts by the
shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of the
Shareholders on April 14, 2023, a dividend distribu-
tion of €1.810 per outstanding common share was
approved, corresponding to a total distribution of
€328,631 thousand, which was paid in 2023. The distri-
bution was made from the retained earnings reserve.
404
THER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)
A breakdown of other comprehensive income/(loss) is provided below.
Items that will not be reclassified to the consolidated income statement in subsequent periods:
Gains/(Losses) on remeasurement of defined benefit plans 135 (691) 221
Total items that will not be reclassified to the consolidated income statement 135 (691) 221
in subsequent periods
Items that may be reclassified to the consolidated income statement in subsequent periods:
Gains/(Losses) on cash flow hedging instruments arising during the period 180,703 (65,983) 22,109
Gains on cash flow hedging instruments reclassified to the consolidated income (60,389) (20,827) (48,393)
statement
Losses on cash flow hedging instruments 120,314 (86,810) (26,284)
Exchange differences on translating foreign operations (20,444) 12,248 (6,323)
Total items that may be reclassified to the consolidated income statement 99,870 (74,562) (32,607)
in subsequent periods
Total other comprehensive income/(loss) 100,005 (75,253) (32,386)
Related tax impact (33,704) 23,778 6,351
Total other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax 66,301 (51,475) (26,035)
(1) Includes a loss of €1 thousand, €7 thousand and €30 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively,
related to the Group’s proportionate share of the remeasurement of defined benefit plans of FFS GmbH, for which the Group holds a
49.9 percent interest.
Gains and losses on the remeasurement of defined benefit plans include
actuarial gains and losses arising during the period and are offset against
the related net defined benefit liabilities.
A breakdown of the tax effects relating to other comprehensive income/
(loss) is presented below.
Pre-tax Related Net Pre-tax Related Net Pre-tax Related Net
balance tax balance balance tax balance balance tax balance
impact impact impact
Gains/(Losses) on remeasurement of 135 (30) 105 (691) 168 (523) 221 (52) 169
defined benefit plans
Gains/(Losses) on cash flow hedging 120,314 (33,674) 86,640 (86,810) 23,610 (63,200) (26,284) 6,403 (19,881)
instruments
Exchange (losses)/gains on translating (20,444) — (20,444) 12,248 — 12,248 (6,323) — (6,323)
foreign operations
Total other comprehensive income/ 100,005 (33,704) 66,301 (75,253) 23,778 (51,475) (32,386) 6,351 (26,035)
(loss)
405
TRANSACTIONS WITH NON-CONTROLLING EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2023-2025
INTERESTS
Under the Equity Incentive Plan 2023-2025 approved
With the exception of dividends paid to non-con- in 2023, the Company awarded approximate-
trolling interests, there were no transactions with ly 58 thousand 2023-2025 PSUs to the Executive
non-controlling interests for the years ended Chairman, the CEO, the remaining members of the
December 31, 2025, 2024 or 2023. FLT and other employees of the Group, and approx-
imately 22 thousand 2023-2025 RSUs to members
POLICIES AND PROCESSES FOR MANAGING of the FLT and other employees of the Group. These
CAPITAL PSUs and RSUs cover the three-year performance
and service periods from 2023 to 2025.
The Group’s objectives when managing capital are
to create value for shareholders as a whole, safe- 2023-2025 PSU awards
guard business continuity and support the sustain-
able growth of the Group. As a result, the Group en- The vesting of the awards is based on the achieve-
deavors to maintain a satisfactory economic return ment of defined key performance indicators as
for its shareholders and guarantee economic ac- follows:
cess to external sources of funds.
(i) TSR Target - 40 percent of the awards vest
based on the achievement of the TSR ranking of
(21) Ferrari compared to an industry specific Peer
SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION Group of eleven companies;
(ii) EBITDA Target - 40 percent of the awards vest
based on the achievement of an EBITDA target
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLANS determined by comparing Adjusted EBITDA to
the Adjusted EBITDA targets derived from the
The Group has several equity incentive plans un- Group’s business plan;
der which a combination of performance share (iii) ESG Target - 20 percent of the awards vest
units (“PSUs”) and retention restricted share units based on the achievement of defined objectives
(“RSUs”), which each represent the right to receive relating to environmental and social factors. In
one Ferrari common share, have been awarded to particular, 50 percent of the ESG Target is based
the Executive Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer on the reduction of CO carbon emissions and
(“CEO”), members of the Ferrari Leadership Team 50 percent is based on the maintenance of the
(“FLT”) and other employees of the Group. Equal Salary certification.
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2021-2023 Each target is settled independently of the other
targets.
In the first quarter of 2024, 41,338 2021-2023 PSU In March 2026, 76,397 2023-2025 PSU awards
awards vested (representing 122 percent of the are expected to vest (representing approximately
target PSU awards) as a result of the achievement 145 percent of the target PSU awards that remained
of the related performance conditions and 29,550 outstanding at the time of vesting) as a result of the
2021-2023 RSU awards vested upon achievement achievement of the related performance conditions
of the related service conditions As a result, 70,888 and an equal number of common shares held in trea-
common shares, which were previously held in trea- sury will be assigned to participants of the plan, fol-
sury, were assigned to participants of the plan in the lowing which there will be no further 2023-2025 PSU
first quarter of 2024. There are no further awards awards outstanding.
outstanding for the Equity Incentive Plan 2021-2023.
2023-2025 RSU awards
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2022-2024
In March 2026, 18,876 2023-2025 RSU awards are
In the first quarter of 2025, 91,414 2022-2024 PSU expected to vest as a result of the achievement of
awards vested (representing 149 percent of the tar- the related service condition, which is the recipi-
get PSU awards that remained outstanding at the ent’s continued employment with the Company at
time of vesting) as a result of the achievement of the the time of vesting, and an equal number of com-
related performance conditions and 21,437 2022- mon shares held in treasury will be assigned to par-
2024 RSU awards vested upon achievement of the ticipants of the plan, following which there will be no
related service conditions. As a result, 112,851 com- further 2023-2025 RSU awards outstanding.
mon shares, which were previously held in treasury,
were assigned to participants of the plan in the first
quarter of 2025. There are
no further awards outstanding for the Equity
Incentive Plan 2022-2024.
406
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2024-2026 emissions and 50 percent based on the maintenance
of the Equal Salary certification.
Under a new Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026 ap- Each target is settled independently of the other tar-
proved in 2024, the Company awarded approxi- gets. The awards vest in 2027 and the total number
mately 41 thousand 2024-2026 PSUs to the Executive of shares assigned upon vesting depends on the lev-
Chairman, the CEO, members of the FLT and other el of achievement of the targets.
employees of the Group, and approximately 15 thou-
sand 2024-2026 RSUs to members of the FLT and 2024-2026 RSU awards
other employees of the Group. The 2024-2026 PSUs
and 2024-2026 RSUs cover the three-year perfor- The awards vest in 2027, subject to the recipient’s
mance and service periods from 2024 to 2026. continued employment with the Company at the
time of vesting.
2024-2026 PSU AWARDS
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2025-2027
The vesting of the awards is based on the achieve-
ment of defined key performance indicators de- Under a new Equity Incentive Plan 2025-2027 ap-
scribed below. proved in 2025, the Company awarded approxi-
TSR Target - 40 percent of the awards vest based mately 33 thousand 2025-2027 PSUs to the Executive
on the achievement of the TSR ranking of Ferrari Chairman, the CEO, members of the FLT and other
compared to an industry specific Peer Group of employees of the Group, and approximately 13 thou-
eleven companies; sand 2025-2027 RSUs to members of the FLT and
EBITDA Target - 40 percent of the awards vest other employees of the Group. The 2025-2027 PSUs
based on the achievement of an EBITDA target and 2025-2027 RSUs cover the three-year perfor-
determined by comparing Adjusted EBITDA to the mance and service periods from 2025 to 2027.
Adjusted EBITDA targets derived from the Group’s
business plan; 2025-2027 PSU AWARDS
ESG Target - 20 percent of the awards vest based
on the achievement of defined objectives relating to The vesting of the awards is based on the achieve-
environmental and social factors, with 50 percent of ment of defined key performance indicators de-
the ESG Target based on the reduction of CO carbon scribed below.
TSR Target - 40 percent of the 2025-2027 PSUs vest based on the
Company's TSR performance over the relevant performance period
compared to the industry specific peer group presented below.
Ferrari TSR Ranking % of Target Awards that Vest
1 175%
2 150%
3 125%
4 100%
5 75%
6 50%
>6 0%
The defined peer group (including Ferrari) for the TSR Target is presented
below.
Ferrari Aston Martin Brunello Cucinelli Burberry
Hermes Kering LVMH Moncler
Prada Porsche AG Richemont
407
EBITDA Target - 40 percent of the 2025-2027 PSUS vest based on the
achievement of an EBITDA target determined by comparing Adjusted
EBITDA to the Adjusted EBITDA targets derived from the Group’s
business plan, as summarized below.
Actual Adjusted EBITDA Compared to Business Plan % of Awards that Vest
+15% 175%
+10% 150%
+5% 125%
Business Plan Target 100%
-5% 75%
<-5% —%
ESG Target - 20 percent of the 2025-2027 PSUs vest based on the
achievement of defined objectives relating to environmental and social
factors, with 50 percent of the ESG Target based on the reduction of CO
carbon emissions and 50 percent based on the achievement of targets
relating to female presence in sub-top positions.
Each target is settled independently of the other targets. The awards vest
in 2027 and the total number of shares assigned upon vesting depends
on the level of achievement of the targets.
2025-2027 RSU awards FAIR VALUE AND KEY ASSUMPTIONS
The awards vest in 2028, subject to the recipient’s The fair value of the PSUs and RSUs that were
continued employment with the Company at the awarded under the Equity Incentive Plan 2025-2027,
time of vesting. which is determined based on actuarial calculations
Supplemental information relating to the Equity that apply certain assumptions and take into consid-
Incentive Plan 2025-2027 is summarized below. eration the specific characteristics of the awards
granted, is summarized in the following table.
Equity Incentive Plan 2025-2027
PSUs €365.20
RSUs €376.95
The fair value of the 2025-2027 PSU awards was The key assumptions utilized to calculate the grant
measured at the grant date using a Monte Carlo date fair values of the PSUs that were awarded un-
Simulation model. The fair value of the 2025-2027 der the Equity Incentive Plan 2025-2027 are summa-
RSU awards was measured using the share price at rized below.
the grant date adjusted for the present value of fu-
ture distributions that the recipients will not receive
during the vesting period.
Equity Incentive Plan 2025-2027
Grant date share price €384.30
Expected volatility 25.43%
Dividend yield 0.64%
Risk-free rate 2.40%
The expected volatility was based on the observed volatility of the
defined peer group. The risk-free rate was based on the iBoxx sovereign
Eurozone yield.
408
BROAD-BASED EMPLOYEE SHARE OTHER SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
OWNERSHIP PLAN
In 2023, 6,838 share awards granted to certain em-
In November 2023, the Company launched a broad- ployees in 2022 and which each represent the right
based employee share ownership plan under which to receive one Ferrari common share, vested, while
each employee is given the option to become a share- 1,309 awards and 279 awards were forfeited in 2023
holder of the Company, receiving a one-off grant of and 2024, respectively. The fair value of the awards
shares worth up to a maximum of approximately was equal to €203 per award, measured using the
€2 thousand. If the employee holds the shares for at share price at the grant date adjusted for the pres-
least 36 months, the Company will grant them an ad- ent value of future distributions which the recipients
ditional tranche of shares, from a minimum of one will not receive during the vesting period.
share and up to 15 percent of the value of the first al- The Company also provides share-based pay-
location. In 2024, 24,715 share awards vested and the ments for services received as part of commercial
Company granted an additional 2,796 share awards. agreements with certain suppliers.
Starting in 2025, certain employees were given the
opportunity, under specific conditions, to receive OUTSTANDING SHARE AWARDS
part of their “Premio di Competitività” in Company
shares. In 2025, the Company made a grant of 2,055 The following table presents the changes to the out-
share awards and 14,343 share awards vested un- standing share awards under the Group’s share-
der these arrangements. based payment arrangements.
PSU Awards RSU Awards Other Awards Total
Outstanding
Awards
Balance at December 31, 2023 154,379 73,245 63,699 291,323
Granted 40,885 15,401 2,796 59,082
Vested (33,924) (29,550) (24,715) (88,189)
Forfeited and other (3,961) (2,241) (7,102) (13,304)
Balance at December 31, 2024 157,379 56,855 34,678 248,912
Granted 33,351 12,612 53,364 99,327
Vested (61,558) (21,437) (46,225) (129,220)
Forfeited and other (5,959) (3,052) (14,589) (23,600)
Balance at December 31, 2025 123,213 44,978 27,228 195,419
SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE
The share based compensation expense recognized for the years ended
December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 is presented below.
Equity incentive plans and other share-based awards 16,748 18,280 15,154
Commercial agreements with suppliers 4,260 4,813 4,563
Broad-based employee share ownership plan 6,538 875 10,222
Total share-based compensation expense 27,546 23,968 29,939
409
(22)
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
A breakdown of provisions for employee benefits is presented below.
Present value of defined benefit obligations for Italian employee severance indemnity (TFR) 12,494 13,446
Other provisions for employees 132,800 120,701
Total provisions for employee benefits 145,294 134,147
DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS sequent decrees and regulations issued in the first
part of 2007. Under these amendments, companies
The Group recognizes the cost for defined contribu- with at least 50 employees are obliged to trans-
tion plans over the period in which the employee ren- fer the TFR to the “Treasury fund” managed by the
ders service and classifies this by function in cost of Italian state-owned social security body (“INPS”) or to
sales, selling, general and administrative costs and supplementary pension funds. Prior to the amend-
research and development costs. The total income ments, accruing TFR for employees of all Italian
statement expense for defined contributions plans companies could be managed by the company itself.
in the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and Consequently, the Italian companies’ obligation to
2023 was €21,918 thousand, €21,324 thousand and INPS and the contributions to supplementary pen-
€18,832 thousand, respectively. sion funds take the form, under IAS 19 revised, of
“Defined contribution plans” whereas the amounts
DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS recorded in the provision for employee severance
pay retain the nature of “Defined benefit plans”.
Accordingly, the provision for employee severance
ITALIAN EMPLOYEE SEVERANCE INDEMNITY indemnity in Italy consists of the residual obligation
(TFR) for TFR until December 31, 2006. This is an unfunded
defined benefit plan as the benefits have already
Trattamento di fine rapporto or “TFR” relates to the been almost entirely earned, with the sole exception
amounts that employees in Italy are entitled to re- of future revaluations. Since 2007 the scheme has
ceive when they leave the company and is calculated been classified as a defined contribution plan, and
based on the period of employment and the taxable the Group recognizes the associated cost, being the
earnings of each employee. Under certain condi- required contributions to the pension funds, over
tions the entitlement may be partially advanced to an the period in which the employee renders service.
employee during the employee’s working life. Changes in the defined benefit obligations relat-
The Italian legislation regarding this scheme was ing to the TFR liability are summarized below.
amended by Law 296 of 27 December 2006 and sub-
Total
Amounts at December 31, 2023 13,903
Recognized in the consolidated income statement 467
Recognized in other comprehensive income/loss (*) 691
Benefits paid (1,615)
Amounts at December 31, 2024 13,446
Recognized in the consolidated income statement 590
Recognized in other comprehensive income/loss (*) (135)
Benefits paid (1,407)
Amounts at December 31, 2025 12,494
(*) Relates to actuarial (gains)/losses from financial assumptions.
410
A breakdown of amounts recognized in the consolidated income
statement relating to the TFR liability is presented below.
Interest expense 590 467 518
Total recognized in the consolidated income statement 590 467 518
The discount rates used for the measurement of the years at December 31, 2024 and 2023). Retirement
Italian TFR obligation are based on yields of high-qual- or employee leaving rates are developed to reflect
ity (AA- rated) fixed income securities for which the actual and projected Group experience and legal re-
timing and amounts of payments match the timing quirements for retirement in Italy.
and amounts of the projected benefit payments. Current service cost is recognized by function
For this plan, the single weighted average discount in cost of sales, selling, general and administrative
rate that reflects the estimated timing and amount costs or research and development costs.
of the scheme future benefit payments for 2025 is The expected future benefit payments for the
equal to 3.5 percent (3.4 percent in 2024 and 4.1 per- defined benefit obligations (Italian TFR obligation) as
cent in 2023). The average duration of the Italian TFR of December 31, 2025 are presented below.
was approximately 6 years at December 31, 2025 (6
2026 1,631
2027 1,818
2028 1,646
2029 1,430
2031 - 2035 7,670
Total 14,195
The sensitivity of the defined benefit obligations to changes in the
weighted principal assumptions is presented below.
Changes in Changes in Changes in Changes in
assumption of +1% assumption of -1% assumption of +1% assumption of -1%
discount rate discount rate discount rate discount rate
Impact on defined benefit obligation (654) 724 (736) 819
The above sensitivity analysis is based on an assumed change in the
discount rate while holding all other assumptions constant. In practice,
this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may
be correlated. When calculating the sensitivity of the defined benefit
obligation to significant actuarial assumptions the same method has
been applied as when calculating the defined benefit liability recognized
in the statement of the financial position.
411
OTHER PROVISIONS FOR EMPLOYEES At December 31, 2025, other provisions for employ-
ees comprised short-term bonus benefits amount-
Other provisions for employees consist of the ex- ing to €128,652 thousand (€116,671 thousand at
pected future amounts payable to employees in con- December 31, 2024) and other benefits amounting to
nection with other remuneration schemes, which €4,148 thousand (€4,030 thousand at December 31,
are not subject to actuarial valuation, including long- 2024), primarily relating to jubilee benefits granted
term bonus plans. to certain employees in recognition of time served
with the Group.
(23)
PROVISIONS
Movements in provisions are presented below.
At December 31, Additional Utilization Releases Translation Reclassification At December 31,
2024 provisions differences and other 2025
movements
Warranty and 152,178 67,613 (58,753) (22,987) (1,255) — 136,796
recall campaigns
provision
Legal proceedings 11,899 7,311 (4,951) (796) (387) (155) 12,921
and disputes
Environmental and 42,135 19,738 (8,277) (16,412) (846) (1,574) 34,764
other risks
Total provisions 206,212 94,662 (71,981) (40,195) (2,488) (1,729) 184,481
WARRANTY AND RECALL CAMPAIGNS any such judgments may remain subject to ongoing
judicial review. While the outcome of these proceed-
The provision for warranty and recall campaigns ings is uncertain, any losses in excess of the provi-
represents the best estimate of commitments given sions recorded are not expected to be material to the
by the Group for contractual, legal, or constructive Group’s financial condition or results of operations.
obligations arising from product warranties given
for a specified period of time. ENVIRONMENTAL AND OTHER RISKS
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND DISPUTES The provision for environmental and other risks
primarily relates to environmental risks, including
The provision for legal proceedings and disputes those relating to emissions regulations, as well as to
represents management’s best estimate of the ex- disputes and matters which are not subject to legal
penditures expected to be required to settle or oth- proceedings, including disputes with suppliers, dis-
erwise resolve legal proceedings and disputes. This tributors, employees and other parties.
class of claims relates to allegations by contractual The following table presents where the addi-
counterparties that the Group has violated the terms tional provisions to environmental and other risks
of the arrangements, including by terminating the recognized for the years ended December 31, 2025,
applicable relationships. Judgments in these pro- 2024 and 2023 were recorded within the consoli-
ceedings may be issued in 2026 or beyond, although dated income statement.
Recorded in the consolidated income statement within:
Cost of sales 17,874 14,136 25,128
Selling, general and administrative costs 1,864 580 1,398
Total 19,738 14,716 26,526
412
(24)
DEBT
A breakdown of debt by nature and split between current and non-
current is presented below.
Current Non- Total Current Non- Total
current current
Asset-backed financing (Securitizations) 669,185 619,205 1,288,390 649,173 693,082 1,342,255
Bonds and notes 12,368 946,907 959,275 459,056 953,917 1,412,973
Borrowings from banks and other financial 203,021 225,000 428,021 143,800 270,833 414,633
institutions
Lease liabilities 31,348 130,799 162,147 26,491 99,779 126,270
Other debt 46,387 — 46,387 55,757 — 55,757
Total debt 962,309 1,921,911 2,884,220 1,334,277 2,017,611 3,351,888
Movements in debt are presented below, financing cash flows and other
movements presented separately.
Financing cash flows Other movements
Balance at Proceeds Repayments of Interest Translation Balance at
December from borrowings accrued/(paid) differences December
31, 2024 borrowings and other (1) 31, 2025
Asset-backed financing (Securitizations) 1,342,255 142,375 (33,294) (1,250) (161,696) 1,288,390
Bonds and notes 1,412,973 — (450,963) (2,735) — 959,275
Borrowings from banks and other 414,633 400,000 (378,332) (1,007) (7,273) 428,021
financial institutions
Lease liabilities 126,270 — (23,825) 67,431 (7,729) 162,147
Other debt 55,757 42,527 (46,161) — (5,736) 46,387
Total debt 3,351,888 584,902 (932,575) 62,439 (182,434) 2,884,220
Financing cash flows Other movements
Balance at Proceeds Repayments of Interest accrued/ Translation Balance at
December from borrowings (paid) and other differences December
31, 2023 borrowings (1)(2) 31, 2024
Asset-backed financing (Securitizations) 1,166,473 340,499 (243,649) 461 78,471 1,342,255
Bonds and notes 903,673 496,145 — 13,155 — 1,412,973
Borrowings from banks and other 290,930 225,000 (104,690) (672) 4,065 414,633
financial institutions
Lease liabilities 73,047 — (22,001) 73,429 1,795 126,270
Other debt 43,063 51,022 (41,297) — 2,969 55,757
Total debt 2,477,186 1,112,666 (411,637) 86,373 87,300 3,351,888
(1) Other changes in lease liabilities relate entirely to non-cash movements for the recognition of additional lease liabilities in accordance
with IFRS 16.
(2) Includes gains of €7,940 thousand realized on the partial cash tender executed during the third quarter of 2023 on a bond fully
repaid, upon maturity, in 2025.
413
CONTRACTUAL UNDISCOUNTED CASH FLOWS
The contractual maturities (contractual undiscounted cash flows,
including interest) of the Group’s debt based on relevant maturity
groupings are presented below.
Contractual cash flows at December 31, 2025
Less than 1 Between 1 Between 2 Over 5 Total As reported at
year and 2 years and 5 years years contractual December 31,
cash flows 2025 (*)
Asset-backed financing (Securitizations) 702,097 387,018 253,845 — 1,342,960 1,288,390
Bonds and notes 23,075 23,075 705,722 302,582 1,054,454 959,275
Borrowings from banks and other financial 209,710 79,819 154,320 — 443,849 428,021
institutions
Lease liabilities 36,049 29,012 61,072 61,298 187,431 162,147
Other debt 46,387 — — — 46,387 46,387
Total debt 1,017,318 518,924 1,174,959 363,880 3,075,081 2,884,220
Contractual cash flows at December 31, 2024
Less than 1 Between 1 Between 2 Over 5 Total As reported at
year and 2 years and 5 years years contractual December 31,
cash flows 2024 (*)
Asset-backed financing (Securitizations) 685,427 435,082 282,283 — 1,402,792 1,342,255
Bonds and notes 480,802 23,075 218,525 812,804 1,535,206 1,412,973
Borrowings from banks and other financial 152,858 53,683 234,312 — 440,853 414,633
institutions
Lease liabilities 29,182 24,390 49,052 36,912 139,536 126,270
Other debt 55,757 — — — 55,757 55,757
Total debt 1,404,026 536,230 784,172 849,716 3,574,144 3,351,888
(*) As reported in the consolidated statement of financial position.
ASSET-BACKED FINANCING securitization programs are used synonymously
(SECURITIZATIONS) throughout this document), without transferring the
risks typically associated with the related receivables.
As a means of diversifying its sources of funds, the As a result, the receivables sold through securitiza-
Group sells certain of its receivables originated by tion programs are still consolidated until collection
its financial services activities in the United States from the customer. The securitization agreements
through asset-backed financing or securitization for both programs require the maintenance of hedg-
programs (the terms asset-backed financing and ing through interest rate cap derivatives.
414
Details relating to the revolving securitization programs are presented
below.
Program Funding Limit Amount Outstanding Amount Outstanding Maturity Date
(2) at December 31, at December 31,
($ million) ($ million) ($ million)
Syndicated program (retail) (1) 1,050 1,038 974 December 2026
Program lease/retail (1) 525 475 420 November 2027
Total asset-backed financing (Securitizations) 1,575 1,513 1,394
(!) At December 31, 2025 the notes relating to the retail securitization program bore interest at a rate per annum equal to the aggregate
of a synthetic base rate substantially replicating the LIBOR plus a margin of 79 basis points and the notes relating to the leasing/retail
securitization program bore interest at a rate per annum equal to the aggregate of SOFR plus a margin of 70 basis points.
(2) Excluding accrued interest.
Cash collected from the settlement of receivables 2029 AND 2031 NOTES
under securitization programs is subject to cer-
tain restrictions regarding its use and is primarily On July 31, 2019, the Company issued 1.12 percent
applied to repay principal and interest on the re- senior notes due August 2029 (“2029 Notes”) and
lated asset-backed financing. This cash amount- 1.27 percent senior notes due August 2031 (“2031
ed to €54,434 thousand at December 31, 2025 Notes”) through a private placement to certain U.S.
(€53,644 thousand at December 31, 2024). institutional investors, each having a principal of
€150 million. The net proceeds from the issuances
BONDS AND NOTES amounted to €298,316 thousand and the yields to
maturity on an annual basis equal the nominal cou-
pon rates of the notes. The 2029 Notes and the 2031
2025 BOND Notes are primarily used for general corporate pur-
poses, including the funding of capital expenditures.
On May 27, 2025, the Company fully repaid the 2025 The amount outstanding of the 2029 Notes at
Bond for a total consideration of €457,727 thousand December 31, 2025 was €150,395 thousand, including
(including accrued interest). The bond was previous- accrued interest of €694 thousand (€150,302 thou-
ly issued on May 27, 2020 for a principal of €650 mil- sand, including accrued interest of €700 thousand at
lion at a coupon of 1.5 percent and due on May 2025. December 31, 2024). The amount outstanding of the
Following a cash tender offer in July 2023, the Group 2031 Notes at December 31, 2025 was €150,378 thou-
accepted for purchase valid tenders of the 2025 Bond sand, including accrued interest of €787 thousand
for an aggregate nominal amount of €199,037 thou- (€150,315 thousand including accrued interest of
sand at a purchase price of €191,097 thousand, €794 thousand at December 31, 2024).
resulting in gains of €7,940 thousand, which were
recognized within financial income. The amount out- 2032 NOTES
standing at December 31, 2024 was €454,449 thou-
sand, including accrued interest of €4,059 thousand. On July 29, 2021, the Company issued 0.91 per-
cent senior notes due January 2032 (“2032 Notes”)
2030 BOND through a private placement to certain U.S. institu-
tional investors having a principal of €150 million.
On May 21, 2024, the Company issued 3.625 percent The net proceeds from the issuance amounted to
senior notes due May 2030 (“2030 Bond”) having a €149,495 thousand and the yield to maturity on an
principal of €500 million. The notes were issued at a annual basis equals the nominal coupon rates of the
discount for an issue price of 99.677 percent, result- notes. The 2032 Notes are used for general corpo-
ing in net proceeds of €496,145 thousand, after relat- rate purposes. The amount outstanding of the 2032
ed expenses, and a yield to maturity of 3.686 percent. Notes at December 31, 2025 was €150,277 thou-
The bond was admitted to trading on the regulated sand, including accrued interest of €576 thousand
market of Euronext Dublin. The proceeds from the (€150,229 thousand, including accrued interest of
2030 Bond are intended to be used for general cor- €576 thousand at December 31, 2024).
porate purposes. The amount outstanding of the The aforementioned bonds and notes impose
2030 Bond December 31, 2025 was €508,225 thou- covenants on Ferrari including: (i) negative pledge
sand, including accrued interest of €11,121 thou- clauses which require that, in case any security
sand (€507,678 thousand including accrued interest interest upon assets of Ferrari is granted in connec-
of €11,173 thousand at December 31, 2024). tion with other notes or debt securities with the con-
sent of Ferrari are, or are intended to be, listed, such
security should be equally and ratably extended to
415
the outstanding notes, subject to certain permitted ilar credit standing. A breach of these covenants
exceptions; (ii) pari passu clauses, under which the may require the early repayment of the notes. At
notes rank and will rank pari passu with all other December 31, 2025 and 2024, Ferrari was in compli-
present and future unsubordinated and unsecured ance with the covenants of the bonds and notes.
obligations of Ferrari; (iii) events of default for failure
to pay principal or interest or comply with other obli- BORROWINGS FROM BANKS AND OTHER
gations under the notes with specified cure periods FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
or in the event of a payment default or acceleration
of indebtedness or in the case of certain bankruptcy Information relating to borrowings from banks and
events, and (iv) other clauses that are customarily other financial institutions is presented below.
applicable to debt securities of issuers with a sim-
Amount Outstanding
at December 31,
Borrowing Entity Currency 2025 2024 Maturity Date
Ferrari NV (1) EUR 37,970 84,115 January 2026 (4)
Ferrari NV (1) EUR 8,336 41,682 March 2026
Ferrari NV (1) EUR 100,452 — April 2026
Ferrari NV (1) EUR 75,361 75,497 January 2027
Ferrari NV (1) EUR 150,130 150,143 December
2028
Ferrari Financial Services, Inc. (2) USD 55,769 63,181 April 2026
Ferrari SpA (3) EUR 3 15
Total borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 428,021 414,633
(1) Term loans bearing an average interest rate of 2.6593 percent as of December 31, 2025.
(2) Financial liabilities of FFS Inc to support financial services activities bearing interest at SOFR plus 83 basis points.
(3) At December 31, 2024 relates to an amortized term loan repaid in June 2025. At December 31, 2025 relates
to banking fees and interest.
(4) The amount was fully repaid in January 2026.
LEASE LIABILITIES COMMITTED CREDIT LINES
The Group recognizes lease liabilities in relation At December 31, 2025, the Group had total commit-
to right-of-use assets in accordance with IFRS ted credit lines available and undrawn amounting to
16 - Leases. At December 31, 2025 lease liabilities €550 million and with maturities ranging from 2026
amounted to €162,147 thousand (€126,270 thou- to 2030 (€550 million at December 31, 2024).
sand at December 31, 2024).
OTHER DEBT
Other debt mainly relates to U.S. based financial ser-
vice activities with specific reference to expected
cash out for new funding request as per contractual
commitment.
417
(25)
OTHER LIABILITIES
A breakdown of other liabilities is presented below.
Advances and security deposits 774,535 553,771
Deferred income 424,589 335,524
Accrued expenses 78,926 100,314
Payables to personnel 46,998 43,110
Social security payables 30,759 28,532
Other 35,809 44,970
Total other liabilities 1,391,616 1,106,221
Advances and security deposits mainly include ad- total liability related to maintenance and power war-
vances received from customers for the purchase ranty programs at December 31, 2025, the Group
of Ferrari cars, mainly for Icona, Supercar, Special expects to recognize in net revenues approximately
Series and other limited edition models, as well as €96 million in 2026, €77 million in 2027, €56 million in
certain Range models in selected markets. The ad- 2028 and €112 million in periods subsequent to 2028.
vances are recognized in net revenues when the Deferred income also includes amounts collected
cars are shipped. under various other agreements that are dependent
Deferred income primarily includes amounts upon the future performance of a service or other
received under maintenance and power warranty act of the Group, primarily for Formula 1 sponsor-
programs of €340,779 thousand at December 31, ship agreements.
2025 and €300,599 thousand at December 31, 2024, Changes in contract liabilities for advances
which are deferred and recognized as net revenues received from customers for cars and maintenance
over the length of the maintenance program. Of the and power warranty programs are presented below.
At December Additional Amounts Other At December
31, 2024 amounts recognized changes 31, 2025
arising during within
the period revenue
Advances from customers 547,345 1,617,385 (1,396,290) 205 768,645
Maintenance and power warranty programs 300,599 151,702 (111,695) 173 340,779
At December Additional Amounts Other At December
31, 2023 amounts recognized changes 31, 2024
arising during within
the period revenue
Advances from customers 510,625 981,694 (945,687) 713 547,345
Maintenance and power warranty programs 262,644 136,420 (98,393) (72) 300,599
418
(26) be categorized within different levels of the fair val-
TRADE PAYABLES ue hierarchy. In those cases, the fair value measure-
ment is categorized in its entirety in the same level of
the fair value hierarchy at the lowest level input that
Trade payables of €841,256 thousand at is significant to the entire measurement.
December 31, 2025 (€945,657 thousands at Levels used in the hierarchy are as follows:
December 31, 2024) are entirely due within one year. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in
The carrying amount of trade payables is consid- active markets for identical assets and liabilities that
ered to be equivalent to their fair value. the Group can access at the measurement date.
Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices
included within level 1 that are observable for the
(27) assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly.
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the
assets and liabilities.
IFRS 13 — Fair Value Measurement establishes a ASSETS AND LIABILITIES THAT ARE
three level hierarchy for the inputs to the valuation MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE ON A RECURRING
techniques used to measure fair value by giving the BASIS
highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in ac-
tive markets for identical assets and liabilities (level The fair value hierarchy for financial assets and lia-
1 inputs) and the lowest priority to unobservable in- bilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring
puts (level 3 inputs). In some cases, the inputs used to basis is presented below.
measure the fair value of an asset or a liability might
At December 31, 2025
Note Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Investments and other financial assets 16 17,937 — — 17,937
Current financial assets 19 — 73,664 — 73,664
Total assets 17,937 73,664 — 91,601
Other financial liabilities 19 — 7,405 — 7,405
Total liabilities — 7,405 — 7,405
At December 31, 2024
Note Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Investments and other financial assets 16 16,897 — — 16,897
Current financial assets 19 — 19,350 — 19,350
Total assets 16,897 19,350 — 36,247
Other financial liabilities 19 — 61,894 — 61,894
Total liabilities — 61,894 — 61,894
There were no transfers between fair value hierar- vailing foreign currency exchange rates and interest
chy levels for the periods presented. rates, as applicable, at the reporting date.
The fair value of current financial assets and The par value of cash and cash equivalents usu-
other financial liabilities relates to derivative financial ally approximates fair value due to the short maturity
instruments and is measured by taking into consid- of these instruments, which consist primarily of cur-
eration market parameters at the balance sheet date, rent bank accounts.
using widely accepted valuation techniques. In par-
ticular, the fair value of foreign currency derivatives
(forward contracts, currency swaps and options and
interest rate caps is determined by taking the pre-
419
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES NOT MEASURED AT of the fair value. In particular, the carrying amount
FAIR VALUE ON A RECURRING BASIS of current receivables and other current assets and
of trade payables and other liabilities approximates
For financial instruments represented by short- their fair value.
term receivables and payables, for which the pres- The carrying amount and the fair value for the
ent value of future cash flows does not differ sig- most relevant categories of financial assets and
nificantly from carrying value, the Group assumes financial liabilities not measured at fair value on a
that carrying value is a reasonable approximation recurring basis is presented below.
Note Carrying Fair Value Carrying Fair Value
amount amount
Receivables from financing activities 18 1,613,396 1,613,396 1,661,632 1,661,632
Debt 24 2,884,220 2,885,085 3,351,888 3,348,721
The Group has determined that the carrying amount costs and investments, as well as for certain ser-
of the majority of its debt approximates its fair val- vices received by Stellantis Group companies,
ue since either (i) the interest payable on the debt mainly of an administrative nature;
is close to current market rates, and/or (ii) the debt the sale of engines to Maserati S.p.A. (“Maserati”)
is of a short-term nature. The only exception is the and the purchase of engine components for the
Group’s debt that is publicly listed for which the fair use in the production of Maserati engines from
value is based on quoted market prices. FCA US LLC. The contract with Maserati expired
in December 2023 and residual sales occurred
throughout 2024.
(28)
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Transactions with Stellantis Group companies for
the periods presented include transactions with
FCA Bank until April 1, 2023. Following the sale by the
Pursuant to IAS 24 — Related Party Disclosures (“IAS Stellantis Group of its 50 percent ownership interest
24”), the related parties of Ferrari include Exor N.V. in FCA Bank to Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance
and together with its subsidiaries the Exor Group, S.A., FCA Bank (which was renamed CA Auto Bank)
as well as all entities and individuals capable of ex- is now wholly owned by Crédit Agricole Consumer
ercising control, joint control or significant influ- Finance S.A. and is no longer a related party of
ence over the Company and its subsidiaries. Related Ferrari.
parties also include companies over which the Exor
Group is capable of exercising control, joint control Transactions with Exor Group companies (excluding
or significant influence, including Stellantis N.V., and Stellantis Group companies)
together with its subsidiaries the Stellantis Group,
and CNH Industrial N.V. and its subsidiaries, as well the Group incurs rental costs from Iveco S.p.A. (a
as joint ventures and associates of Ferrari. In addi- company belonging to Iveco Group) for the rental
tion, members of the Ferrari Board of Directors and of trucks used by the Scuderia Ferrari racing team;
executives with strategic responsibilities and their the Group earns sponsorship revenue from
families are also considered related parties. Iveco S.p.A.
The Group carries out transactions with related
parties on commercial terms that are normal in the Transactions with other related parties
respective markets, considering the characteristics
of the goods or services involved. Transactions car- the purchase of components for Formula 1 rac-
ried out by the Group with these related parties are ing cars from COXA S.p.A.;
primarily of a commercial nature and, in particular, consultancy services provided by HPE S.r.l.;
these transactions relate to: sponsorship agreement relating to Formula 1
activities with Ferretti S.p.A.;
Transactions with Stellantis Group companies sale of cars to certain members of the Board of
Directors of Ferrari N.V. and Exor.
transactions with Stellantis Group companies
relating to technical cooperation agreements In accordance with IAS 24, transactions with related
with the aim to enhance the quality and compet- parties also include compensation to Directors and
itiveness of the parties’ products while reducing managers with strategic responsibilities.
420
A summary of transactions with related parties recognized in the
consolidated income statement is presented below.
Net Costs(1) Financial Net Costs(1) Financial Net Costs(1) Financial
revenues expenses, revenues expenses/ revenues expenses,
net (income), net net
Stellantis Group
companies
Maserati 1,123 2,184 — 4,947 1,636 — 50,391 2,091 —
FCA US LLC 18 — — — — — — 6,803 —
Other Stellantis 13,827 268 — 12,919 1,353 — 11,489 6,280 1,032
Group
companies
Total Stellantis 14,968 2,452 — 17,866 2,989 — 61,880 15,174 1,032
Group
companies
Exor Group 976 2,276 23 485 1,913 22 281 1,615 3
companies
(excluding the
Stellantis Group)
Other related 1,883 16,364 5 5,487 15,993 13 2,237 15,000 —
parties
Total 17,827 21,092 28 23,838 20,895 35 64,398 31,789 1,035
transactions
with related
parties
Total for the 7,145,768 4,129,763 46,081 6,676,668 3,903,070 (1,205) 5,970,146 3,477,355 15,015
Group
(1) Costs include cost of sales, selling, general and administrative costs and other expenses, net.
A summary of non-financial assets and liabilities originating from related
party transactions is presented below.
Trade Trade Other Other Trade Trade Other Other
receivables payables current liabilities receivables payables current liabilities
assets assets
Stellantis Group companies
Maserati 1,003 3,955 — 23 2,838 2,700 — 23
FCA US LLC 67 — — — 11 — — —
Other Stellantis Group companies — 739 6 1,938 805 863 10 304
Total Stellantis Group companies 1,070 4,694 6 1,961 3,654 3,563 10 327
Exor Group companies (excluding the — 317 745 699 153 49 1,026 924
Stellantis Group)
Other related parties 917 3,227 113 600 357 1,691 341 346
Total transactions with 1,987 8,238 864 3,260 4,164 5,303 1,377 1,597
related parties
Total for the Group 360,339 841,256 159,223 1,391,616 349,176 945,657 137,763 1,106,221
At December 31, 2025 and at December 31, 2024 there were no financial
assets or financial liabilities with related parties.
421
EMOLUMENTS TO DIRECTORS A KEY MANAGEMENT
Compensation to the Directors of Ferrari N.V. are presented below.
Directors of Ferrari N.V. 14,139 11,331 9,791
The aggregate compensation to Directors of Ferrari
N.V. for year ended December 31, 2025 was €14,139 (29)
thousand (€11,331 thousand in 2024 and €9,791 COMMITMENTS
thousand in 2023), inclusive of the following:
€9,911 thousand for salary and other short-term ARRANGEMENTS WITH KEY SUPPLIERS
benefits, including short-term incentives (€6,936
thousand in 2024 and €6,688 thousand in 2023); From time to time, in the ordinary course of busi-
€288 thousand for pension benefits (€230 thou- ness, the Group enters into various arrangements
sand in 2024 and 2023), and with key third party suppliers in order to establish
€3,940 thousand for share-based compensa- strategic and technological advantages. A limited
tion awarded under the Company’s equity in- number of these arrangements contain uncondi-
centive plans and other share-based payments tional purchase obligations to purchase a fixed or
(€4,165 thousand in 2024 and €2,873 thousand minimum quantity of goods and/or services with
in 2023). For additional information relating to fixed and determinable price provisions.
the Company’s equity incentive plans, see Note
21 “Share-based compensation”. There was no ARRANGEMENTS WITH SPONSORS
equity-settled compensation for Non-Executive
Directors for the years ended December 31, Certain of the Group’s sponsorship contracts in-
2025, 2024 and 2023. clude terms whereby the Group is obligated to pur-
chase a minimum quantity of goods and/or services
The aggregate compensation for members of the from its sponsors.
FLT (excluding the CEO) in 2025 was €24,708 thou-
sand (€29,292 thousand in 2024 and €39,131 thou-
sand in 2023), inclusive of the following:
€18,826 thousand for salary and other short-
term benefits, including short-term incentives
(€23,146 thousand in 2024 and €34,107 thou-
sand in 2023);
€5,140 thousand for share-based compensation
awarded under the Company’s equity incentive
plans (€5,464 thousand in 2024 and €4,479 thou-
sand in 2023), and
€742 thousand for pension contributions (€682
thousand in 2024 and €545 thousand in 2023).
422
Future minimum purchase obligations under these supplier and
sponsorship arrangements at December 31, 2025 are presented below.
At December 31, 2025
Due within Due between one Due between Due beyond five Total
one year and three years three and five years
years
Minimum purchase obligations 158,131 107,059 73,857 334 339,381
LEASE AGREEMENTS FINANCIAL MARKET RISKS
For information relating to future aggregate mini- Due to the nature of the Group’s business, the Group
mum lease payments under lease contracts, which is exposed to a variety of market risks, including for-
primarily relate to the lease of stores and industri- eign currency exchange rate risk and to a lesser ex-
al buildings, see Note 24 “Debt—Contractual undis- tent, interest rate risk and commodity price risk.
counted cash flows”. The Group’s exposure to foreign currency
exchange rate risk arises from the geographic dis-
tribution of the Group’s shipments, as the Group
(30) generally sells its models in the currencies of the
QUALITATIVE AND QUANTITATIVE various markets in which the Group operates, while
INFORMATION ON FINANCIAL RISKS the Group’s industrial activities are all based in Italy,
and primarily denominated in Euro.
The Group’s exposure to interest rate risk
The Group is exposed to the following financial risks arises from the need to fund certain activities and
connected with its operations: the necessity to deploy surplus funds. Changes in
market interest rates may have the effect of either
Financial market risk — Principally relating to increasing or decreasing the Group’s net profit/
foreign currency exchange rates as the Group (loss), thereby indirectly affecting the costs and
operates internationally in different currencies returns of financing and investing transactions.
and, to a lesser extent, interest rates and com- The Group has in place various risk manage-
modity prices; ment policies, which primarily relate to foreign
Liquidity risk — With particular reference to exchange and commodity price, interest rate
the availability of funds and access to the credit and liquidity risks. The Group’s risk management
markets, should the Group require them, and to policies permit derivatives to be used for man-
financial instruments in general; aging such exposures at risk. Counterparties to
Credit risk — Arises from normal commercial these agreements are major financial institutions.
relations with dealers, sponsors, licensees and Derivative financial instruments can only be exe-
final clients, as well as the Group’s financing ac- cuted for hedging purposes.
tivities. In particular, the Group used derivative financial
instruments as cash flow hedges primarily for the
These risks could significantly affect the Group’s purpose of limiting the negative impact of foreign
financial position, results of operations and cash currency exchange rate fluctuations on forecasted
flows, and for this reason the Group identifies and transactions denominated in foreign currencies.
monitors these risks, in order to detect potential neg- Accordingly, as a result of applying risk management
ative effects in advance and take the necessary ac- policies with respect to foreign currency exchange
tion to mitigate them, primarily through the Group’s exposure, the Group’s results of operations have
operating and financing activities and if required, not been fully exposed to fluctuations in foreign cur-
through the use of derivative financial instruments. rency exchange rates. However, despite these risk
The following section provides qualitative and management policies and hedging transactions,
quantitative disclosures on the effect that these sudden adverse movements in foreign currency
risks may have upon the Group. The quantitative exchange rates could have a significant effect on the
data reported in the following section does not Group’s earnings and cash flows.
have any predictive value. In particular, the sensi- The Group also enters into interest rate caps as
tivity analysis on financial market risks does not required by certain of its securitization agreements.
reflect the complexity of the market or the reac- Information on the fair value of derivative finan-
tion which may result from any changes that are cial instruments held is provided in Note 19.
assumed to take place.
423
INFORMATION ON FOREIGN CURRENCY Exchange differences arising on the settlement of
EXCHANGE RATE RISK monetary items or on reporting monetary items at
rates different from those at which they were initial-
The Group is exposed to risks resulting from chang- ly recorded during the period or in previous finan-
es in foreign currency exchange rates, which can af- cial statements, are recognized in the consolidated
fect its earnings and equity. In particular: income statement within financial income or finan-
cial expenses or as cost of sales for charges arising
Where a Group company incurs costs in a cur- from financial services companies.
rency different from that of its revenues, any It is the Group’s policy to use derivative financial
change in foreign currency exchange rates can instruments (primarily forward currency contracts
affect the operating results of that company. In and currency options) to hedge up to 90 percent of
2025, the total trade flows exposed to foreign the principal exposures to foreign currency trans-
currency exchange rate risk amounted to the action exchange risk, typically for a period of up to
equivalent of 52 percent of the Group’s net reve- twelve months.
nues (59 percent in 2024 and 60 percent in 2023). The Group monitors its principal exposure to for-
The main foreign currency exchange rate to eign currency translation exchange risk, although
which the Group is exposed is the Euro/U.S. the Group did not engage in any specific hedging
Dollar for sales in U.S. Dollar in the United activities in relation to translation exchange risk for
States and other markets where the U.S. Dollar the periods presented.
is the reference currency. In 2025, the value of The impact of foreign currency exchange rate
commercial activities exposed to fluctuations differences recorded within financial income or
in the Euro/U.S. Dollar exchange rate account- financial expenses for the year ended December 31,
ed for approximately 59 percent (61 percent 2025, including the costs of hedging foreign cur-
in 2024 and 57 percent in 2023) of the total rency exchange rate risk, amounted to net losses of
currency risk from commercial activities. In €38,160 thousand (net losses of €7,035 thousand and
2025 the commercial activities exposed to the €20,197 thousand for the years ended December 31,
Euro/Japanese Yen exchange rate exceeded 2024 and 2023, respectively).
10 percent (as in 2024, while in 2023 both the All of the Group’s financial services activities are
Euro/Chinese Renmimbi exchange rate and conducted in the functional currencies of the related
the Euro/Japanese Yen exchange rate exceed- financial services companies, therefore the impact
ed 10 percent) of the total currency risk from of foreign currency exchange rate differences aris-
commercial activities. Other significant expo- ing from financial services activities was zero in all
sures included the exchange rate between the periods presented.
Euro and the following currencies: Chinese Except as noted above, there have been no sub-
Renmimbi, Pound Sterling, Swiss Franc, stantial changes in 2025 in the nature or structure of
Canadian Dollar and Australian Dollar. None of exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risks or
these exposures, taken individually, exceeded in the Group’s hedging policies.
10 percent of the Group’s total foreign curren- The potential decrease in fair value of deriv-
cy exchange rate exposure for commercial ative financial instruments held by the Group at
activities in 2025, 2024 and 2023 (apart from December 31, 2025 to hedge against foreign cur-
Chinese Renmimbi in 2023). rency exchange rate risks, which would arise in
Several subsidiaries are located in countries the case of a hypothetical, immediate and adverse
that are outside the Eurozone, in particular the change of 10 percent in the exchange rates of the
United States, Japan, China, Australia and South major foreign currencies with the Euro, would be
Korea. As the Group’s reporting currency is the approximately €213,867 thousand (€171,437 thou-
Euro, the income statements of those compa- sand at December 31, 2024). Receivables, payables
nies are translated into Euro using the average and future trade flows for which hedges have been
exchange rate for the period and, even if reve- put in place were not included in the analysis. It is rea-
nues and margins are unchanged in local cur- sonable to assume that changes in foreign currency
rency, changes in exchange rates can impact exchange rates will produce the opposite effect, of
the amount of revenues, costs and profit as an equal or greater amount, on the underlying trans-
translated into Euro. actions that have been hedged. The sensitivity analy-
The amount of assets and liabilities of consoli- sis is based on currency hedging in place at the end
dated companies that report in a currency oth- of the period, which can vary during the period and
er than the Euro may vary from period to period assumes unchanged market conditions other than
as a result of changes in exchange rates. The ef- exchange rates, such as volatility and interest rates.
fects of these changes are recognized directly in For this reason, it is purely indicative.
equity as a component of other comprehensive
income/(loss) under gains/(losses) from curren-
cy translation differences.
424
INFORMATION ON INTEREST RATE RISK variables held constant, would have resulted in a
decrease in profit before taxes of €73 thousand on
The Group’s exposure to interest rate risk, though an annual basis (a decrease of €648 thousand at
less significant, arises from the need to fund financial December 31, 2024 for a decrease of 25 basis points
services activities and the necessity to deploy surplus in interest rates). The analysis is based on the assump-
funds. Changes in market interest rates may have the tion that floating rate financial assets and debt which
effect of either increasing or decreasing the Group’s expire during the projected 12-month period will be
net profit/(loss), thereby indirectly affecting the costs renewed or reinvested in similar instruments, bear-
and returns of financing and investing transactions. ing the hypothetical short-term interest rates.
The Group’s most significant floating rate finan-
cial assets at December 31, 2025 were cash and INFORMATION ON COMMODITY PRICE RISK
cash equivalents and certain receivables from client
financing activities, while 54 percent of the Group’s The Group’s exposure to commodity price risk,
gross debt bears floating rates of interest (48 per- though much less significant than foreign exchange
cent at December 31, 2024). At December 31, 2025, rate risk and interest rate risk, arises from the need
a decrease of 25 basis points in interest rates on to use a variety of raw materials in the Group’s op-
floating rate financial assets and debt, with all other erations, including aluminum and precious metals
such as palladium and rhodium. The Group monitors managed or supervised by the treasury department
its exposure to commodity price risk and may hedge with the aim of ensuring effective and efficient man-
a portion of such exposure through derivative finan- agement of the Group’s liquidity. The Group has
cial instruments (primarily commodity swaps). established various policies which are managed or
supervised centrally by the treasury department
LIQUIDITY RISK with the purpose of optimizing the management of
funds and reducing liquidity risk which include:
Liquidity risk arises if the Group is unable to obtain
the funds needed to carry out its operations and centralizing liquidity management through the
meet its obligations. The main determinant of the use of cash pooling arrangements;
Group’s liquidity position is the cash generated by or maintaining a conservative level of available li-
used in operating and investing activities. quidity;
From an operating point of view, the Group man- obtaining adequate credit lines and diversifying
ages liquidity risk by monitoring cash flows and keep- sources of funding;
ing an adequate level of funds readily available. The maintaining a portfolio of high-quality liquid assets;
main funding operations and investments in cash monitoring future liquidity requirements on the
and marketable securities of the Group are centrally basis of business planning.
425
Intercompany financing between Group entities is funds that will be generated from operating activ-
not restricted other than through the application of ities, will enable Ferrari to appropriately and ade-
covenants requiring that transactions with related quately satisfy the requirements of its operational
parties be conducted at arm’s length terms. activities, including working capital needs, and its
Details on the maturity profile of the Group’s investing activities, as well as to fulfill its obligations
financial assets and liabilities and on the structure to repay its debts and ensure an appropriate level
of derivative financial instruments are provided in of strategic and operational flexibility. The Group
Notes 19 and 24. Details of the repayment of deriv- therefore believes there is no significant risk of
ative financial instruments are provided in Note 19. a lack of liquidity. For information relating to the
To preventively and prudently manage poten- Group’s total available liquidity, see Note 32 “Cash
tial liquidity or refinancing risks in the foreseeable and Cash Equivalents and Notes to the Consolidated
future, the Group has secured available undrawn Statement of Cash Flows”.
committed credit lines, which amounted to €550 mil-
lion at both December 31, 2025 and 2024.
The Group believes that its total available liquid-
ity (defined as cash and cash equivalents plus
undrawn committed credit lines), in addition to
CREDIT RISK parts, as well as certain sponsorships and licensees.
These guarantees are further strengthened, where
Credit risk is the risk of economic loss arising from the possible, by retaining title on cars subject to financ-
failure to fully collect receivables. Credit risk encom- ing agreements.
passes the direct risk of default and the risk of a dete- Credit positions of material significance are
rioration of the creditworthiness of the counterparty. evaluated on an individual basis. Where objective
The maximum credit risk to which the Group is evidence exists that they are uncollectible, in whole
theoretically exposed at December 31, 2025 is rep- or in part, specific write-downs are recognized. The
resented by the carrying amounts of the financial amount of the write-down is based on an estimate of
assets presented in the consolidated statement of the recoverable cash flows, the timing of those cash
financial position sheet and the nominal value of the flows, the cost of recovery and the fair value of any
guarantees provided. guarantees received.
Dealers, clients and, in general, Ferrari’s business Receivables from financing activities relate
partners are subject to a specific evaluation of their entirely to the financial services portfolio in the United
creditworthiness. Additionally, it is Group practice to States and such receivables are generally secured
obtain financial guarantees against risks associated on the titles of cars or other guarantees. Receivables
with credit granted for the purchase of cars and from financing activities amounting to €1,613,396
426
thousand at December 31, 2025 (€1,661,632 thousand Cash flow forecasting is performed by the Group
at December 31, 2024) are shown net of the allowance on a recurring basis. The Group monitors a rolling
for doubtful accounts amounting to €18,742 thou- forecast of its liquidity requirements to ensure an
sand (€16,547 thousand at December 31, 2024). After adequate cash balance to meet operational needs
considering the allowance for doubtful accounts, and maintain adequate headroom. Cash held by the
€104,581 thousand of receivables were overdue businesses over and above balances required for
(€107,203 thousand at December 31, 2024), where working capital management is loaned to the Group’s
receivables are considered overdue if a counter- centralized treasury department. Cash is invested in
party has failed to make at least one contractual pay- instant-access current accounts, short-term depos-
ment by the respective due date. Therefore, overdue its and money market funds, choosing instruments
receivables represent a minor portion of receivables with appropriate maturities to provide adequate
from financing activities. headroom as determined by cash forecasts. In accor-
Trade receivables amounting to €360,339 thou- dance to Group liquidity risk management policy, the
sand at December 31, 2025 (€349,176 thousand at Group controls counterparties’ credit risk and credit
December 31, 2024) are shown net of the allowance limit utilization. It adopts a conservative approach to
for doubtful accounts amounting to €36,238 thou- the investment of its cash which is deposited with fi-
sand (€33,376 thousand at December 31, 2024). After nancial institutions with high credit standing.
considering the allowance for doubtful accounts, For information relating to the short-term credit
€42,319 thousand of receivables were overdue rating of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, see
(€47,151 thousand at December 31, 2024). Note 32 “Cash and Cash Equivalents and Notes to the
The Group’s cash and cash equivalents are held Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows”.
on bank and deposit accounts with primary financial
institutions and highly rated money market funds. It
is the Ferrari Group’s policy to continuously monitor (31)
counterparty risk and limit concentration of bank ENTITY-WIDE DISCLOSURES
and deposit accounts to a maximum of 25% of the
total with a single financial counterpart. With spe-
cific reference to money market funds, the invested A breakdown of net revenues by geographic loca-
amounts in any specific fund must not exceed 10% of tion of the Group’s customers is presented below.
the par value of such. The Group considers its credit Revenues by geography presented for material in-
risk with respect to its cash and cash equivalents to dividual countries are not necessarily correlated to
be low considering that they are held with primary shipments of cars as certain countries include rev-
financial institutions and the maximum exposure enues from sponsorship and commercial activities
with any one counterparty is limited. relating to Ferrari’s participation in the Formula 1
World Championship.
Italy 527,727 462,832 442,760
Rest of EMEA 2,996,719 2,690,613 2,428,783
of which UK 617,361 652,391 625,930
of which Germany 576,371 549,093 493,930
Americas (1) 2,252,780 2,183,435 1,762,530
of which United States of America 1,981,359 1,921,459 1,535,772
Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan 491,285 539,500 583,760
of which Mainland China 311,732 390,529 479,882
Rest of APAC (2) 877,257 800,288 752,313
Total net revenues 7,145,768 6,676,668 5,970,146
(1) Americas includes the United States of America, Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean and of Central and South America.
(2) Rest of APAC mainly includes Japan, Australia, Singapore, Indonesia, South Korea, Thailand, India and Malaysia.
427
Revenues in the Netherlands, the Company’s coun- A breakdown of non-current assets other than fi-
try of domicile, for the years ended December 31, nancial instruments and deferred tax assets by geo-
2025, 2024 and 2023 amounted to €118,811 thousand, graphic location is presented below.
€85,786 thousand and €68,605 thousand, respectively.
Property, Goodwill Intangible Property, Goodwill Intangible
plant and assets plant and assets
equipment equipment
Italy 1,956,478 785,182 1,637,986 1,765,618 785,182 1,545,420
Rest of EMEA 28,500 — — 28,401 — —
Americas (1) 66,615 — — 27,573 — —
Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan 1,514 — — 2,335 — —
Rest of APAC (2) 4,784 — 471 4,857 — 244
Total 2,057,891 785,182 1,638,457 1,828,784 785,182 1,545,664
(1) Americas includes the United States of America, Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean and of Central and South America.
(2) Rest of APAC mainly includes Japan, Australia, Singapore, Indonesia, South Korea, Thailand, India and Malaysia.
(32)
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
A breakdown of cash and cash equivalents is presented below.
Cash and bank balances 1,467,711 1,742,214
Cash and cash equivalents 1,467,711 1,742,214
At December 31, 2025, cash and cash equivalents At December 31, 2025, 90 percent of our cash and
included €370,000 thousand relating to time depos- cash equivalents were denominated in Euro (at
its held with recognized international financial insti- December 31, 2024, 88 percent). The Group’s cash
tutions, which originated in the last quarter of 2025 and cash equivalents denominated in currencies
and mature in the first quarter of 2026, and an in- other than the Euro are available mostly to Ferrari
vestment in money market funds of €359,869 thou- S.p.A. and certain subsidiaries which operate in ar-
sand with an AAAm rating. At December 31, 2024, eas other than the Eurozone.
cash and cash equivalents included €450,000 thou-
sand relating to time deposits held with a recognized
international financial institution, which originated
in November and December 2024 and matured in
February and March 2025. At both December 31,
2025 and 2024, the remaining cash and bank balanc-
es were held in bank current accounts.
428
A breakdown of cash and cash equivalents by currency is presented
below.
Euro 1,327,092 1,535,630
U.S. Dollar 75,125 107,871
Chinese Yuan 24,013 62,525
Pound Sterling 10,256 8,483
Other currencies 31,225 27,705
Total 1,467,711 1,742,214
Cash held in some countries may be subject to trans- Cash collected from the settlement of receivables
fer restrictions. In particular, cash held in China (in- under securitization programs is subject to cer-
cluding in currencies other than the Chinese Yuan), tain restrictions regarding its use and is principally
which amounted to €24,726 thousand at December applied to repay principal and interest of the relat-
31, 2025 (€63,379 thousand at December 31, 2024), ed asset-backed financing. This cash amounted to
is subject to certain repatriation restrictions and €54,434 thousand at December 31, 2025 (€53,644
may only be repatriated as a repayment of payables thousand at December 31, 2024).
or debt, or as dividends or capital distributions. The Information relating to the short-term credit rat-
Group does not believe that such transfer restric- ing of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents is pre-
tions have any adverse impacts on its ability to meet sented below.
its liquidity requirements.
P-1 / A-1 / Aaa-mf / AAAm (1) 49% 36%
P-2 / A-2 50% 59%
P-3 / A-3 / Not rated 1% 5%
(1) Aaa-mf (Moody’s) /AAAm (S&P Global Ratings) refer to money market funds. P-ratings (Moody’s) and A-ratings (S&P Global Ratings)
refer to the short-term rating of the financial institutions with whom the Group deposits cash in current accounts or other short-
term instruments.
At December 31, 2025, the Group’s available liquidity, represented by
cash and cash equivalents and undrawn committed credit lines, was
€2,017,711 thousand (€2,292,214 thousand at December 31, 2024).
A breakdown of the Group’s available liquidity is presented below.
Cash and cash equivalents 1,467,711 1,742,214
Undrawn committed credit lines 550,000 550,000
Available liquidity 2,017,711 2,292,214
The undrawn committed credit lines at December 31, 2025 and 2024
relate to revolving credit facilities. For additional information, see Note
24 “Debt—Committed credit lines”.
429
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS
Other non-cash expenses, net primarily include eq-
uity-settled share-based compensation, allowances
for doubtful accounts of trade receivables and pro-
visions for slow moving and obsolete inventories.
For information relating to financing cash flows
relating to debt, see Note 24 “Debt—Contractual
undiscounted cash flows”.
(33)
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
The Group has evaluated subsequent events
through February 19, 2026, which is the date the
Consolidated Financial Statements were authorized
for issuance, and identified the following matters:
Under the common share repurchase pro-
gram, from January 1, 2026 to February 13, 2026 the
Company purchased an additional 276,643 common
shares for total consideration of €82.0 million. At
February 13, 2026, the Company held in treasury an
aggregate of 16,921,249 common shares.
On February 19, 2026, the Board of Directors of
Ferrari N.V. recommended to the Company’s share-
holders that the Company declare a dividend of
€3.615 per common share, totaling approximately
€640 million. The proposal is subject to the approval
of the Company’s shareholders at the Annual General
Meeting to be held on April 15, 2026.
COMPANY
FINANCIAL
STATEMENT
AT AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025
Company Financial Statement 431 Statement Of Financial Position 434 Statement Of Changes In Equity 436
Income Statement/ Statement Of Statement Of Cash Flows 435 Notes to the Company
Comprehensive Income 433 Financial Statements 438
431
433
FERRARI N.V.
INCOME STATEMENT/ STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024
Note 2025 2024
Net revenues 3 — 93
Other income 3 24,430 26,017
Dividend income 4 310,000 950,000
Cost of sales 5,231 5,163
Selling, general and administrative costs 5 51,228 47,698
Financial income 6 2,411 4,132
Financial expenses 6 134,579 145,089
Financial expenses, net 6 132,168 140,957
Profit before taxes 145,803 782,292
Income tax benefit 7 34,868 29,249
Net profit 180,671 811,541
Other comprehensive income (28) 49
Total comprehensive income 180,643 811,590
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Company Financial
Statements.
434
FERRARI N.V.
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024
Note 2025 2024
Assets
Property, plant and equipment 8 24,025 23,674
Investments in subsidiaries 9 8,798,663 8,798,663
Financial receivables 10 32,453 36,755
Deferred tax assets 7 4,587 3,545
Total non-current assets 8,859,728 8,862,637
Trade receivables 10 8,710 17,263
Tax receivables 7 16,830 32,463
Other current assets 10 81,963 50,701
Cash and cash equivalents 12 109,681 179,894
Total current assets 217,184 280,321
Total assets 9,076,912 9,142,958
Equity and liabilities
Share capital 2,573 2,573
Share premium 5,768,544 5,768,544
Other reserves (2,887,999) (2,130,188)
Retained earnings 758,098 1,109,585
Total equity 13 3,641,216 4,750,514
Debt (Non-Current) 15 1,192,723 1,249,179
Employee benefits 8,360 6,188
Total non-current liabilities 1,201,083 1,255,367
Debt (Current) 15 4,185,676 3,068,079
Trade payables 16 5,152 2,924
Tax payables 7 14,112 31,449
Other current liabilities 17 22,799 26,802
Ferrari Group cash management pools 11 6,874 7,823
Total current liabilities 4,234,613 3,137,077
Total liabilities 5,435,696 4,392,444
Total equity and liabilities 9,076,912 9,142,958
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Company Financial Statements.
435
FERRARI N.V.
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024
Note 2025 2024
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 179,894 97,432
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net profit 180,671 811,541
Income tax benefit 7 (34,868) (29,249)
Amortization and depreciation 8 3,145 3,309
Financial income 6 (2,411) (4,132)
Financial expenses 6 134,579 145,089
Other non-cash expenses, net 19 27,766 26,653
Change in trade receivables 10 7,973 6,180
Change in trade payables 16 2,093 1,245
Change in other operating assets and liabilities 616 50,303
Finance costs paid 7 (138,485) (139,623)
Total cash flows from operating activities 181,079 871,316
Cash flows used in investing activities:
Investments in property, plant and equipment 8 (4,703) (109)
Investments in subsidiaries 9 — (15,000)
Total cash flows used in investing activities (4,703) (15,109)
Cash flows used in financing activities:
Proceeds from financial liabilities with related parties 15 4,000,000 2,900,000
Repayments of financial liabilities with related parties 15 (2,500,000) (3,300,000)
Proceeds from bonds and notes — 496,145
Repayments of bonds and notes (450,963) —
Proceeds from borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 15 250,000 225,000
Repayments of borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 15 (228,333) (78,333)
Repayments of lease liabilities 15 (1,502) (509)
Change in Ferrari Group cash management pools 11 (755) 4,954
Dividends paid to owners 13 (529,707) (439,918)
Share repurchases 13 (785,329) (581,084)
Total cash flows used in financing activities (246,589) (773,745)
Total change in cash and cash equivalents (70,213) 82,462
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 19 109,681 179,894
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Company Financial Statements.
436
FERRARI N.V.
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024
Share capital Share premium Other reserves Retained earnings Total equity
€ thousand
At December 31, 2023 2,573 5,768,544 (1,573,121) 737,962 4,935,958
Net profit — — — 811,541 811,541
Other comprehensive income — — 49 — 49
Total comprehensive income — — 49 811,541 811,590
Dividends to owners — — — (439,918) (439,918)
Share repurchases — — (581,084) — (581,084)
Share-based compensation — — 23,968 — 23,968
At December 31, 2024 2,573 5,768,544 (2,130,188) 1,109,585 4,750,514
Net profit — — — 180,671 180,671
Other comprehensive income — — (28) — (28)
Total comprehensive income — — (28) 180,671 180,643
Dividends to owners — — — (532,158) (532,158)
Share repurchases — — (785,329) — (785,329)
Share-based compensation — — 27,546 — 27,546
At December 31, 2025 2,573 5,768,544 (2,887,999) 758,098 3,641,216
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Company Financial Statements.
438
NOTES TO THE COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(1) Statements”), except for the measurement of the
CORPORATE INFORMATION AND investments as presented under “Investments in
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES subsidiaries” in the Company Financial Statements,
which are measured at cost, less impairment (if any).
Management considers the primary focus of these
Ferrari N.V. (the “Company” or “Ferrari” and togeth- Company Financial Statements to be the legal enti-
er with its subsidiaries the “Ferrari Group” or the ty perspective and considers that these Company
“Group”) was incorporated as a public limited com- Financial Statements should reflect the cost of the
pany (naamloze vennootschap) under the laws of the subsidiaries as well as the amounts that are eligi-
Netherlands on September 4, 2015. The Company ble for distribution to the Company’s sharehold-
was formed to ultimately act as a holding company ers. Management believes that the measurement
for Ferrari S.p.A., which, together with its subsidiar- of its subsidiaries at cost in the Company Financial
ies, is focused on the design, engineering, produc- Statements, as permitted under EU IFRS Accounting
tion and sale of luxury performance sports cars. Standards, provides the best insight into the
The Company is listed under the ticker symbol Company’s financial position and results, in addi-
RACE on the New York Stock Exchange and on the tion to the information provided in the Consolidated
Euronext Milan. Financial Statements.
The Company’s official seat (statutaire zetel) is in The accounting policies were consistently
Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and the Company’s applied to all periods presented herein with the
corporate address is in Maranello, Italy at Via exception of the new standards and amendments
Abetone Inferiore 4. The Company is registered with effective from January 1, 2025 as noted below.
the Dutch trade register under number 64060977. The amounts in the Company Financial
Statements are presented in thousands of Euro (€),
except where otherwise indicated.
(2)
BASIS OF PREPARATION AND FORMAT OF THE COMPANY FINANCIAL
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES STATEMENTS
The Company presents the income statement by
DATE OF AUTHORIZATION FOR ISSUANCE function and uses a current/non-current classifi-
cation for assets and liabilities in the statement of fi-
The separate financial statements of the Company nancial position.
(the “Company Financial Statements”) as of and for
the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
authorized for issuance on February 19, 2026.
The statement of cash flows is prepared using the
BASIS OF PREPARATION indirect method with a breakdown of cash flows
from or used in operating, investing and financing
The Company Financial Statements are prepared activities. Cash inflows or outflows related to taxes
on a going concern basis using the historical cost are reported as changes in other operating assets
method, modified as required for the measurement and liabilities as they are primarily settled through
of certain financial instruments, which are generally transactions with related parties as a result of the
measured at fair value. Ferrari Group Italian tax consolidation. Dividends re-
ceived are included as part of operating activities.
STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
NEW STANDARDS AND AMENDMENTS
The Company Financial Statements have been pre-
pared in accordance with the IFRS® Accounting Information relating to new standards and amend-
Standards as adopted by the European Union (“EU ments effective from January 1, 2025 and those is-
IFRS Accounting Standards”) and with Part 9 of Book sued but not yet effective is provided in Note 2 of the
2 of the Dutch Civil Code. Consolidated Financial Statements.
MEASUREMENT BASIS MATERIAL ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
The Company Financial Statements were prepared
using the same accounting policies as set out in INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
the notes to the consolidated financial statements
at December 31, 2025 (the “Consolidated Financial Investments in subsidiaries, which primarily relate
439
to the Company’s investment in Ferrari S.p.A., are FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS
measured at cost, less impairment (if any). Dividend
income from the Company’s subsidiaries is recog- The financial statements are prepared in Euro,
nized in the income statement when the right to re- which is the Company’s functional and presentation
ceive payment is established. currency. Transactions in foreign currencies are re-
corded at the exchange rate prevailing at the date of
the transaction.
IMPAIRMENT OF INVESTMENTS Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
IN SUBSIDIARIES foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are
translated at the foreign currency exchange rate
At each reporting date, the Company assesses prevailing at that date. Exchange differences arising
whether there is an indication that investments in on the settlement of monetary items or on report-
subsidiaries may be impaired. If any such indication ing monetary items at rates different from those at
exists, the Company makes an estimate of the as- which they were initially recorded during the period
set’s recoverable amount. The recoverable amount or in previous financial statements are recognized in
is defined as the higher of (i) the fair value of the in- the income statement.
vestment less costs of disposal and (ii) its value in
use. Where the carrying amount of an asset exceeds FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
its recoverable amount, the asset is considered im-
paired and is written down to its recoverable amount. The Company has a branch in the United Kingdom
Any resulting impairment is recognized in the income (UK) that operates primarily in Pound Sterling. At
statement. An assessment is made at each reporting each reporting period, the assets and liabilities
date as to whether there is any indication that previ- within the UK branch are translated to Euro using
ously recognized impairment losses may no longer the exchange rate at the balance sheet date and the
exist or may have decreased. If such an indication income statement is translated using the average
exists, the Company makes an estimate of the recov- exchange rate for the period. Translation differ-
erable amount. A previously recognized impairment ences resulting from the application of this meth-
loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the od are classified as translation differences within
estimates used to determine the asset’s recoverable other comprehensive income/(loss) and will only be
amount since the last impairment loss was recog- reclassified to the income statement if the branch
nized. If that is the case, the carrying amount of the is disposed of. The principal foreign currency ex-
asset is increased to its recoverable amount, up to a change rates used to translate other currencies
maximum of the carrying amount that would have into Euro were as follows:
been determined if no impairment loss had been rec-
ognized for the asset in prior periods. Such a reversal
is recognized in the income statement. There was no
impairment of investments in subsidiaries or rever-
sals of impairment of investments for the periods
presented in these Company Financial Statements.
Average At December 31, Average At December 31,
U.S. Dollar 1.1300 1.1750 1.0824 1.0389
Pound Sterling 0.8568 0.8726 0.8466 0.8292
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Property, plant and equipment is recognized at cost net of accumulated
depreciation and, if applicable, impairment. Depreciation is calculated on
a straight line basis over the useful lives of the assets as follows:
Asset Category Depreciation Rates
Buildings 10%
Office equipment 20% - 22%
Other assets 20% - 25%
440
LEASES DEBT
The Company recognizes a right-of-use asset and Debt is measured at amortized cost using the effec-
a corresponding lease liability at the date at which tive interest rate method.
the leased asset is available for use. Each lease pay-
ment is allocated between the principal liability and TRADE PAYABLES
finance costs. Finance costs are charged to the in-
come statement over the lease period using the ef- Trade payables primarily include amounts payable
fective interest rate method. The right-of-use asset for services, legal and professional fees and oth-
is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the short- er expenses incurred. Trade payables are all due
er of the lease term or the useful life of the asset. within one year.
Right-of-use assets are measured at cost compris-
ing the following: (i) the amount of the initial measure- DEFERRED INCOME
ment of related lease liability, (ii) any lease payments
made at or before the commencement date less any Deferred income relates to amounts received in
lease incentives received, (iii) any initial direct costs advance under certain agreements, primarily re-
and, if applicable, (iv) restoration costs. Payments lating to marketing-related events hosted for third
associated with short-term leases and leases of low- party dealers, which are reliant on the future per-
value assets are recognized as an expense in the formance of a service or other act of the Company.
income statement on a straight-line basis. Deferred income is recognized as net revenues or
Lease liabilities are measured at the net present other income when the Company has fulfilled its ob-
value of the following: (i) fixed lease payments, (ii) vari- ligations under the terms of the various agreements.
able lease payments that are based on an index or a Deferred income is recorded on the statement of fi-
rate (if applicable), (iii) amounts expected to be pay- nancial position within “other liabilities”.
able by the lessee under residual value guarantees,
and (iv) the exercise price of a purchase option if the NET REVENUES
lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option.
Lease liabilities do not include any non-lease compo- Net revenues are primarily generated from market-
nents that may be included in the related contracts. ing-related events, such as new car launches and oth-
Lease payments are discounted using the inter- er promotional events. Revenue is recognized when
est rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be control over a product or service is transferred to the
determined, the Company’s incremental borrowing customer. Revenue is measured at the transaction
rate is used, being the rate that the Company would price which is based on the amount of consideration
have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain that the Company expects to receive in exchange for
an asset of similar value in a similar economic envi- transferring the promised goods or services to the
ronment with similar terms and conditions. customer and excludes any sales incentives as well
In determining the lease term, management con- as taxes collected from customers that are remitted
siders all facts and circumstances that create an to government authorities. The transaction price in-
economic incentive to exercise an extension option cludes estimates of variable consideration to the ex-
or not exercise a termination option. Extension tent it is probable that a significant reversal of reve-
options (or periods after termination options) are nue recognized will not occur. The Company enters
only included in the lease term if the lease is reason- into contracts that may include both products and
ably certain to be extended (or not terminated). services, which are generally capable of being dis-
tinct and accounted for as separate performance ob-
TRADE RECEIVABLES ligations where appropriate. The Company accounts
for a contract with a customer when there is a legally
Trade receivables are amounts due for goods sold enforceable contract between the Company and the
or services provided in the ordinary course of busi- customer, the rights of the parties are identified, the
ness. Trade receivables are initially recognized at contract has commercial substance, and collectabili-
fair value and subsequently measured at amortized ty of the contract consideration is probable.
cost using the effective interest rate method, less
any provision for allowances. OTHER INCOME
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Other income primarily relates to services per-
formed by the Company on behalf of its subsidiaries
Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, de- for certain corporate services rendered and other
posits held at call with banks and other short-term, recharge fees.
highly liquid investments with original maturities of
three months or less. There are no liens, pledges,
collateral or restrictions on cash and cash equiv-
alents. Cash and cash equivalents do not include
amounts in Ferrari Group cash management pools.
441
INCOME TAXES recognized as a financial receivable (until payment
is received) with an offsetting amount recorded as
Current and deferred taxes are recognized as in- an increase to equity.
come tax benefit or income tax expense and are Share-based compensation expense relating
included in the income statement for the period, ex- to commercial agreements with certain suppliers
cept tax arising from a transaction or event which is is recognized over the period in which the suppli-
recognized, in the same or a different period, either er’s services are received and classified within the
in other comprehensive income/(loss) or directly in consolidated income statement depending on the
equity. Tax uncertainties are accounted for in accor- function of the supplier’s services, with an offsetting
dance with IFRIC 23. increase to equity.
DIVIDENDS SEGMENT REPORTING
Dividends payable by the Company are reported as As disclosed in the Consolidated Financial
a change in equity in the period in which they are Statements, the Group has determined that it has
approved by the shareholders as applicable under one operating and one reportable segment based
local rules and regulations. Dividend income is rec- on the information reviewed by its Chief Operating
ognized in the income statement when the right to Decision Maker in making decisions regarding the
receive payment is established. allocation of resources and to assess performance.
SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION USE OF ESTIMATES
The Company has implemented equity incentive The Company Financial Statements are prepared
plans Úthat provide for the granting of share- in accordance with EU IFRS Accounting Standards,
based compensation to the Chairman, the Chief which requires the use of estimates, judgments,
Executive Officer, all other members of the Ferrari and assumptions that affect the carrying amount
Leadership Team and other key employees of the of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent
Group. The Company also provides share-based assets and liabilities and the amounts of income
compensation as part of commercial agreements and expenses recognized. The estimates and as-
with certain suppliers. The share-based compen- sociated assumptions are based on elements that
sation arrangements are accounted for in ac- are known when the financial statements are pre-
cordance with IFRS 2 — Share-based Payments, pared, on historical experience and on any other
which requires the Company to recognize share- factors that are considered to be relevant. The es-
based compensation expense based on fair value timates and underlying assumptions are reviewed
of awards granted. Compensation expense for the periodically and continuously by the Company. If
equity-settled awards containing market perfor- the items subject to estimates do not perform as
mance conditions is measured at the grant date assumed, then the actual results could differ from
fair value of the award using a Monte Carlo simula- the estimates, which would require adjustment ac-
tion model, which requires the input of subjective cordingly. The effects of any changes in estimate
assumptions, including the expected volatility of are recognized in the income statement in the pe-
the Company’s common stock, the dividend yield, riod in which the adjustment is made, or prospec-
interest rates and a correlation coefficient be- tively in future periods. The estimates and assump-
tween the common stock and the relevant market tions that management considers most critical for
index. The fair value of the awards which are con- the Company Financial Statements relate to invest-
ditional only on a recipient’s continued service to ments in subsidiaries and in particular, relating to
the Company is measured using the share price at impairment indicators. See Note 9 “Investments in
the grant date adjusted for the present value of fu- subsidiaries” for further details.
ture distributions which employees will not receive Based on information available to management at
during the vesting period. the end of the reporting period, there were no major
Pursuant to an agreement between the Company sources of estimation uncertainty that could have a
and various subsidiaries of the Group, the Company significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment to
recharges subsidiaries for share-based compen- the carrying amount of assets and liabilities within the
sation relating to equity instruments awarded to next financial year. Additionally, no critical judgments
employees of the subsidiaries under the equity have been made in applying the accounting policies.
incentive plans. The Company’s portion of the share- For disclosures relating to climate-related mat-
based compensation expense relating to the equity ters, see Note 2 “Material Accounting Policies—Use of
incentive plans is recognized over the service period estimates and judgments—Climate-related matters”
within selling, general and administrative costs or to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
cost of sales in the income statement depending
on the function of the employee with an offsetting
increase to equity, whilst share-based compensa-
tion recharged to the subsidiaries of the Group is
443
(3) (4)
NET REVENUES AND OTHER INCOME DIVIDEND INCOME
There were no net revenues for the year ended Dividend income for the year ended December 31,
December 31, 2025. Net revenues for the year end- 2025 amounted to €310,000 thousand and related
ed December 31, 2024 amounted to €93 thousand entirely to a dividend from Ferrari S.p.A., approved
and primarily related to marketing-related and oth- in April 2025 and received in May 2025.
er promotional events. Dividend income for the year ended December
Other income for the year ended December 31, 31, 2024 amounted to €950,000 thousand and
2025 amounted to €24,430 thousand (€26,017 thou- related entirely to a dividend from Ferrari S.p.A.,
sand for the year ended December 31, 2024) and pri- approved in April 2024 and received in April and
marily related to costs recharged to Ferrari S.p.A. May 2024.
for corporate services rendered and fees charged.
(5)
SELLING, GENERAL AND
ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS
A breakdown of selling, general and administrative costs is presented
below.
Personnel expenses 21,562 19,476
Insurance 14,099 15,305
Shared services provided by Ferrari S.p.A. 7,916 5,735
Legal and professional services 6,600 5,154
Other expenses 1,051 2,028
Total selling, general and administrative costs 51,228 47,698
Personnel expenses include costs related to the December 31, 2024 the Company had 25 full time
Group’s equity incentive plans (see Note 14 “Share- equivalent employees, of which 17 were in the UK
Based Compensation”) and other compensation branch and 8 were in the Italian branch). All employ-
for Directors and employees. Detailed informa- ees work outside of the Netherlands.
tion relating to the compensation of the Board of Shared services provided by Ferrari S.p.A. mainly
Directors and senior management is included in relate to costs for human resources, payroll, tax, le-
the “Corporate Governance” and “Remuneration of gal, accounting and treasury services.
Directors” sections to the Annual Report. Legal and professional services mainly relate to
At December 31, 2025 the Company had 25 full expenses for legal, financial and other consulting
time equivalent employees, of which 18 were in services, as well as public company listing fees.
the UK branch and 7 were in the Italian branch (at
444
(6)
FINANCIAL EXPENSES AND
FINANCIAL INCOME
A breakdown of financial expenses and financial income is presented
below.
Financial income (2,411) (4,132)
Interest expenses 133,170 143,835
of which interest on:
Intercompany borrowings 93,027 107,306
Bonds and notes 27,105 24,870
Borrowings from banks 12,145 10,847
Leases 893 812
Other financial expenses 1,409 1,254
Financial expenses 134,579 145,089
Financial expenses, net 132,168 140,957
(7)
INCOME TAXES
A breakdown of income taxes is presented below.
Current income tax benefit 33,802 29,560
Deferred income tax income/(expense) 1,066 (311)
Total income tax benefit 34,868 29,249
445
The table below provides a reconciliation between the theoretical income
tax expense and the actual income tax benefit, calculated on the basis of
the applicable corporate tax rate in effect in Italy, which was 24.0 percent
for each of the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.
Profit before tax 145,804 782,292
Theoretical income tax rate 24.0% 24.0%
Theoretical income tax expense (34,993) (187,750)
Tax effect on:
Non-taxable dividends 70,680 216,600
Non-deductible costs (520) 116
Other permanent differences (299) 283
Total income tax benefit 34,868 29,249
A breakdown of tax receivables and tax payables is presented below.
Tax receivables 16,830 32,463
Tax payables 14,112 31,449
Net tax payables 2,718 1,014
Tax receivables of €16,830 thousand at December 31, 2025 (€32,463
thousand at December 31, 2024) primarily relate to amounts due from
related parties for the Group tax consolidation in Italy.
Tax payables of €14,112 thousand at December 31, 2025 (€31,449
thousand at December 31, 2024) primarily relate to amounts due to the
tax authorities for the Group tax consolidation in Italy.
A breakdown of deferred tax assets is presented below.
Deferred tax assets
To be recovered after 12 months 917 709
To be recovered within 12 months 3,670 2,836
Total deferred tax assets 4,587 3,545
446
(8)
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Cost 33,676 30,580
Accumulated depreciation (9,651) (6,906)
Total property, plant and equipment 24,025 23,674
of which right-of-use assets 19,158 23,367
Property, plant and equipment primarily includes right-of-use assets
leased, which amounted to €19,158 thousand at December 31, 2025
(€23,367 thousand at December 31, 2024).
For year ended December 31,
Depreciation 3,145 3,309
of which
Cost of sales — 11
Selling, general and administrative costs 3,145 3,298
of which right-of-use assets 3,104 3,227
For information relating to the corresponding lease €8,778,000 thousand and in New Business 33 S.p.A.
liabilities, see Note 15 “Debt”. amounting to €20,663 thousand.
There are no liens, pledges, collateral or restric-
tions on use over property, plant and equipment. IMPAIRMENT TESTING
At December 31, 2025, the market capitalization of
(9) Ferrari N.V. amounted to approximately €56.5 billion
INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (€73.8 billion at December 31, 2024). Considering the
share price of the Company at December 31, 2025
and at the date of authorization of the Company
Investment in subsidiaries amounted to €8,798,663 Financial Statements, no impairment indicators
thousand at December 31, 2025 and 2024, and in- were identified.
cluded investments in Ferrari S.p.A. amounting to
(10)
TRADE RECEIVABLES, FINANCIAL RECEIVABLES
AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
Trade receivables: 8,710 17263
Financial receivables 32,453 36,755
Other current assets 81,963 50701
Total 123,126 104,719
447
TRADE RECEIVABLES
A breakdown of trade receivables due from related parties and third
parties is presented below.
Related parties 5,251 12,021
Third parties 3,459 5,242
Total 8,710 17,263
Trade receivables due from related parties primar- The carrying amount of trade receivables is deemed
ily relate to corporate services rendered and v re- to approximate their fair value. There are no signifi-
charged to subsidiaries of the Ferrari Group (mainly cant overdue balances and no allowance for expect-
Ferrari S.p.A.) and trade receivables due from third ed credit losses has been recorded for trade receiv-
parties primarily relate to marketing-related events ables.
and other services provided.
A breakdown of trade receivables by currency is presented below.
Trade receivables denominated in:
Euro 812 3,271
Pound Sterling 7,898 13,992
Total 8,710 17,263
FINANCIAL RECEIVABLES OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
At December 31, 2025, non-current financial re- Other current assets of €81,963 thousand at
ceivables of €32,453 thousand (€36,755 thousand December 31, 2025 (€50,701 thousand at December
at December 31, 2024) related to receivables from 31, 2024) primarily include VAT credits and to a less-
subsidiaries, primarily for recharges of share-based er extent prepaid expenses.
compensation relating to equity instruments award-
ed to employees of the subsidiaries of the Group
(mainly Ferrari S.p.A.) under the Group’s equity in-
centive plans and under the broad-based employee
share ownership plan, pursuant to an intercompany
agreement. The carrying amount of financial receiv-
ables is considered to approximate their fair value.
448
(11)
FERRARI GROUP CASH MANAGEMENT POOLS
Ferrari Group cash management pools relate to the Company’s
participation in a group-wide cash management system that is managed
centrally by Ferrari S.p.A. and amounted to a net liability of €6,874
thousand at December 31, 2025 (a net liability of €7,823 thousand at
December 31, 2024). Amounts in cash management pools at December
31, 2025 and 2024 were entirely denominated in Pound Sterling.
At December Proceeds Repayments Translation At December
31, 2024 differences 31, 2025
Ferrari Group cash management 7,823 23,303 (24,058) (194) 6,874
pools - Liability
(12) (13)
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS EQUITY
Cash and cash equivalents amounted to €109,681 SHARE CAPITAL
thousand at December 31, 2025 (€179,894 thousand
at December 31, 2024) and were primarily denomi- At December 31, 2025 and 2024 the fully paid up
nated in Euro. share capital of the Company was €2,573 thou-
The carrying amount of cash and cash equiv- sand. The following table summarizes the number
alents is deemed to be in line with their fair value. of common shares and special voting shares of the
There was no restricted cash at December 31, 2025 Company at December 31, 2025 and December 31,
and 2024. 2024, each of which has a nominal value of €0.01.
The Company’s cash and cash equivalents are
held on bank and deposit accounts with primary
financial institutions and highly rated money market
funds. It is the Ferrari Group’s policy to continuously
monitor counterparty risk and limit concentration of
bank and deposit accounts to a maximum of 25 per-
cent of the total with a single financial counterpart.
With specific reference to money market funds,
the invested amounts in any specific fund must not
exceed 10 percent of the par value of such. The
Company considers its credit risk with respect to its
cash and cash equivalents to be low considering that
they are held with primary financial institutions and
the maximum exposure with any one counterparty
is limited. For additional information, see Note 30
“Qualitative and quantitative information on financial
risks” to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
449
Common shares Special voting shares
Total Outstanding Held in Total Outstanding Held in
treasury treasury
At December 31, 2023 193,923,499 180,418,090 13,505,409 63,349,112 63,332,872 16,240
Shares repurchased under share — (1,440,264) 1,440,264 — — —
repurchase program
Shares assigned under equity incentive plans — 41,790 (41,790) — — —
(2)
Other changes — 24,715 (24,715) — 1 (1)
At December 31, 2024 193,923,499 179,044,331 14,879,168 63,349,112 63,332,873 16,239
Shares repurchased under share — (1,877,020) 1,877,020 — — —
repurchase program (1)
Shares assigned under equity incentive plans — 111,582 (111,582) — — —
(2)
ABO (3) — — — — (6,666,667) 6,666,667
Other changes (4) — — — — (565) 565
At December 31, 2025 193,923,499 177,278,893 16,644,606 63,349,112 56,665,641 6,683,471
Percentage of shares held in treasury At At
December December
31, 2025 31, 2024
Total shares (common shares and special 9.07% 5.79%
voting shares)
Common shares 6.47% 5.78%
(1) Includes shares repurchased under the share repurchase program between January 1, 2025 and December 31, 2025 based on the
transaction trade date, for a total consideration, including transaction costs and including the shares purchased under Sell to Cover
(as described below), of €785,329 thousand.
(2) On March 13, 2025, 113,466 common shares, which were previously held in treasury, were assigned to participants of the equity
incentive plans as a result of the vesting of certain performance share unit and retention restricted share unit awards. On the
same day, the Company purchased 47,907 common shares, for a total consideration of €19,834 thousand, from a group of those
employees who were assigned shares in order to cover the individual’s taxable income as is standard practice (Sell to Cover) in
a cross transaction. Between April and September 2025, 46,023 share awards vested under the broad-based employee share
ownership plan and agreements with suppliers.
(3) On March 15, 2024, 76,979 common shares, which were previously held in treasury, were assigned to participants of the equity
incentive plans as a result of the vesting of certain performance share unit and retention restricted share unit awards. On the
same day, the Company purchased 35,189 common shares, for a total consideration of €13,548 thousand, from a group of those
employees who were assigned shares in order to cover the individual’s taxable income as is standard practice (Sell to Cover) in a
cross transaction
(4) Relates to the deregistration of special voting shares, under the Company’s special voting shares terms and conditions, following the
accelerated bookbuild offering (“ABO”) made by Exor N.V. on February 26, 2025.
(5) Relates to the deregistration of certain special voting shares under the Company’s special voting shares terms and conditions.
THE LOYALTY VOTING STRUCTURE shares may elect to participate in the loyalty voting
program by registering their common shares in the
The purpose of the loyalty voting structure is to re- loyalty share register and holding them for three
ward ownership of the Company’s common shares years. The loyalty voting program will be affected by
and to promote stability of the Company’s share- means of the issue of special voting shares to eligi-
holder base by granting long-term shareholders of ble holders of common shares. Each special voting
the Company with special voting shares. Following share entitles the holder to exercise one vote at the
the separation of Ferrari from the Stellantis Group Company’s shareholder meetings. Only a minimal
(previously referred to as Fiat Chrysler Automobiles dividend accrues to the special voting shares allo-
N.V. or FCA prior to the merger between FCA and cated to a separate special dividend reserve, and the
Peugeot S.A. completed on January 16, 2021, which special voting shares do not carry any entitlement to
resulted in the creation of Stellantis N.V.) in 2016, any other reserve of the Group. The special voting
Exor N.V. (“Exor”) and Piero Ferrari participate in the shares have only immaterial economic entitlements
Company’s loyalty voting program and, therefore, and, as a result, do not impact the Company’s earn-
effectively hold two votes for each of the common ings per share calculation.
shares they hold. Investors who purchase common
450
SHARE PREMIUM a share-based compensation reserve of €41,791
thousand at December 31, 2025 and €45,793
The share premium reserve amounted to €5,768,544 thousand at December 31, 2024.
thousand at both December 31, 2025 and December
31, 2024. Pursuant to Dutch law, limitations exist relating to
the distribution of shareholders’ equity up to at least
RETAINED EARNINGS the total amount of the legal reserve, as well as oth-
er reserves mandated per the Company Articles
Following approval of the annual accounts by the of Association. At December 31, 2025, the legal and
shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of the non-distributable reserves of the Company amount-
Shareholders on April 16, 2025, a dividend distribu- ed to €83 thousand (€110 thousand at December 31,
tion of €2.986 per outstanding common share was 2024) and included the following:
approved, corresponding to a total distribution of
€532,158 thousand, which was fully paid in 2025. The UK branch operates in Pound Sterling. At
The distribution was made from the retained earn- each reporting period end, the assets and liabil-
ings reserve. ities within the UK branch are translated to Euro
Following approval of the annual accounts by and the respective foreign currency translation
the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of gain or loss is recorded in other comprehensive
the Shareholders on April 17, 2024, a dividend dis- income. At December 31, 2025, the cumulative
tribution of €2.443 per outstanding common share translation reserve amounted to €77 thousand
was approved, corresponding to a total distribution (€104 thousand at December 31, 2024), and
of €439,918 thousand, which was fully paid in 2024. The Company records a statutory non-distribut-
The distribution was made from the retained earn- able reserve equal to 1 percent of the nominal val-
ings reserve. ue of the special voting shares. At December 31,
2025 this reserve amounted to €6 thousand
OTHER RESERVES (€6 thousand at December 31, 2024).
Other reserves include, among others: RECONCILIATION OF EQUITY
AND NET PROFIT
a legal reserve of €83 thousand at December 31,
2025 and €110 thousand at December 31, 2024, The reconciliation of equity as per the Consolidated
determined in accordance with Dutch law; Financial Statements to equity as per the Company
a treasury reserve of €3,071,083 thousand at Financial Statements is presented below.
December 31, 2025 and €2,285,756 thousand at
December 31, 2024, and
Equity attributable to owners of the parent in the 3,906,893 3,533,946
Consolidated Financial Statements of Ferrari N.V.
Intra-group restructuring 5,969,427 5,969,427
Difference in OCI reserves (79,829) (13,039)
Cumulative results of prior years of subsidiaries in the (8,103,816) (6,443,480)
Consolidated Financial Statements
Results of subsidiaries in the Consolidated Financial Statements (1,726,248) (1,660,336)
Cumulative dividends in prior years 3,366,700 2,416,700
Other changes (1,911) (2,704)
Dividends 310,000 950,000
Equity in the Company Financial Statements of Ferrari N.V 3,641,216 4,750,514
451
The reconciliation of net profit as per the Consolidated Financial
Statements to net profit as per the Company Financial Statements is
provided below:
Net profit attributable to owners of the parent 1,596,919 1,521,877
in the Consolidated Financial Statements of Ferrari N.V.
Results of subsidiaries in the Consolidated Financial Statements (1,726,248) (1,660,336)
Dividends 310,000 950,000
Net profit in the Company Financial Statements of Ferrari N.V. 180,671 811,541
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2023-2025
(14)
SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION Under the Equity Incentive Plan 2023-2025 approved
in 2023, the Company awarded approximate-
ly 58 thousand 2023-2025 PSUs to the Executive
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLANS Chairman, the CEO, the remaining members of the
FLT and other employees of the Group, and approx-
The Group has several equity incentive plans un- imately 22 thousand 2023-2025 RSUs to members
der which a combination of performance share of the FLT and other employees of the Group. These
units (“PSUs”) and retention restricted share units PSUs and RSUs cover the three-year performance
(“RSUs”), which each represent the right to receive and service periods from 2023 to 2025.
one Ferrari common share, have been awarded to
the Executive Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer 2023-2025 PSU awards
(“CEO”), members of the Ferrari Leadership Team
(“FLT”) and other employees of the Group. The vesting of the awards is based on the achievement
of defined key performance indicators as follows:
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2021-2023
(i) TSR Target - 40 percent of the awards vest
In the first quarter of 2024, 41,338 2021-2023 PSU based on the achievement of the TSR ranking of
awards vested (representing 122 percent of the Ferrari compared to an industry specific Peer
target PSU awards) as a result of the achievement Group of eleven companies;
of the related performance conditions and 29,550 (ii) EBITDA Target - 40 percent of the awards vest
2021-2023 RSU awards vested upon achievement based on the achievement of an EBITDA target
of the related service conditions As a result, 70,888 determined by comparing Adjusted EBITDA to
common shares, which were previously held in trea- the Adjusted EBITDA targets derived from the
sury, were assigned to participants of the plan in the Group’s business plan;
first quarter of 2024. There are no further awards (iii) ESG Target - 20 percent of the awards vest
outstanding for the Equity Incentive Plan 2021-2023. based on the achievement of defined objectives
relating to environmental and social factors. In
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2022-2024 particular, 50 percent of the ESG Target is based
on the reduction of CO carbon emissions and
In the first quarter of 2025, 91,414 2022-2024 PSU 50 percent is based on the maintenance of the
awards vested (representing 149 percent of the tar- Equal Salary certification.
get PSU awards that remained outstanding at the
time of vesting) as a result of the achievement of the Each target is settled independently of the other
related performance conditions and 21,437 2022- targets.
2024 RSU awards vested upon achievement of the In March 2026, 76,397 2023-2025 PSU awards
related service conditions. As a result, 112,851 com- are expected to vest (representing approximately
mon shares, which were previously held in treasury, 1.45 of the target PSU awards that remained out-
were assigned to participants of the plan in the first standing at the time of vesting) as a result of the
quarter of 2025. There are achievement of the related performance condi-
no further awards outstanding for the Equity tions and an equal number of common shares held
Incentive Plan 2022-2024. in treasury will be assigned to participants of the
plan, following which there will be no further 2023-
2025 PSU awards outstanding.
452
2023-2025 RSU awards (iii) ESG Target - 20 percent of the awards vest
based on the achievement of defined objectives
In March 2026, 18,876 2023-2025 RSU awards are relating to environmental and social factors,
expected to vest as a result of the achievement of with 50 percent of the ESG Target based on
the related service condition, which is the recipi- the reduction of CO carbon emissions and 50
ent’s continued employment with the Company at percent based on the maintenance of the Equal
the time of vesting, and an equal number of com- Salary certification.
mon shares held in treasury will be assigned to par-
ticipants of the plan, following which there will be no Each target is settled independently of the other tar-
further 2023-2025 RSU awards outstanding. gets. The awards vest in 2027 and the total number
of shares assigned upon vesting depends on the lev-
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2024-2026 el of achievement of the targets.
Under a new Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026 2024-2026 RSU awards
approved in 2024, the Company awarded approxi-
mately 41 thousand 2024-2026 PSUs to the Executive The awards vest in 2027, subject to the recipient’s
Chairman, the CEO, members of the FLT and other continued employment with the Company at the
employees of the Group, and approximately 15 thou- time of vesting.
sand 2024-2026 RSUs to members of the FLT and
other employees of the Group. The 2024-2026 PSUs EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2025-2027
and 2024-2026 RSUs cover the three-year perfor-
mance and service periods from 2024 to 2026. Under a new Equity Incentive Plan 2025-2027 ap-
proved in 2025, the Company awarded approxi-
2024-2026 PSU awards mately 33 thousand 2025-2027 PSUs to the Executive
Chairman, the CEO, members of the FLT and other
The vesting of the awards is based on the achieve- employees of the Group, and approximately 13 thou-
ment of defined key performance indicators de- sand 2025-2027 RSUs to members of the FLT and
scribed below. other employees of the Group. The 2025-2027 PSUs
and 2025-2027 RSUs cover the three-year perfor-
(i) TSR Target - 40 percent of the awards vest mance and service periods from 2025 to 2027.
based on the achievement of the TSR ranking of
Ferrari compared to an industry specific Peer 2025-2027 PSU awards
Group of eleven companies;
(ii) EBITDA Target - 40 percent of the awards vest The vesting of the awards is based on the achieve-
based on the achievement of an EBITDA target ment of defined key performance indicators de-
determined by comparing Adjusted EBITDA to scribed below.
the Adjusted EBITDA targets derived from the
Group’s business plan;
TSR Target - 40 percent of the 2025-2027 PSUs vest based on the
Company's TSR performance over the relevant performance period
compared to the industry specific peer group presented below.
Ferrari TSR Ranking % of Target Awards that Vest
1 175%
2 150%
3 125%
4 100%
5 75%
6 50%
>6 0%
453
The defined peer group (including Ferrari) for the TSR Target is presented
below.
Ferrari Aston Martin Brunello Cucinelli Burberry
Hermes Kering LVMH Moncler
Prada Porsche AG Richemont
EBITDA Target - 40 percent of the 2025-2027 PSUS vest based on the
achievement of an EBITDA target determined by comparing Adjusted
EBITDA to the Adjusted EBITDA targets derived from the Group’s
business plan, as summarized below.
-
Actual Adjusted EBITDA Compared to Business Plan % of Awards that Vest
+15% 175%
+10% 150%
+5% 125%
Business Plan Target 100%
-5% 75%
<-5% —%
ESG Target - 20 percent of the 2025-2027 PSUs vest based on the
achievement of defined objectives relating to environmental and social
factors, with 50 percent of the ESG Target based on the reduction of CO
carbon emissions and 50 percent based on the achievement of targets
relating to female presence in sub-top positions.
Each target is settled independently of the other targets. The awards vest
in 2027 and the total number of shares assigned upon vesting depends
on the level of achievement of the targets.
2025-2027 RSU awards FAIR VALUE AND KEY ASSUMPTIONS
The awards vest in 2028, subject to the recipient’s The fair value of the PSUs and RSUs that were
continued employment with the Company at the awarded under the Equity Incentive Plan 2025-2027,
time of vesting. which is determined based on actuarial calculations
Supplemental information relating to the Equity that apply certain assumptions and take into consid-
Incentive Plan 2025-2027 is summarized below. eration the specific characteristics of the awards
granted, is summarized in the following table.
Equity Incentive Plan 2025-2027
PSUs €365.20
RSUs €376.95
The fair value of the 2025-2027 PSU awards was measured at the grant
date using a Monte Carlo Simulation model. The fair value of the 2025-
2027 RSU awards was measured using the share price at the grant date
adjusted for the present value of future distributions that the recipients
will not receive during the vesting period.
454
The key assumptions utilized to calculate the grant date fair values of the
PSUs that were awarded under the Equity Incentive Plan 2025-2027 are
summarized below.
Equity Incentive Plan 2025-2027
Grant date share price €384.30
Expected volatility 25.43%
Dividend yield 0.64%
Risk-free rate 2.40%
The expected volatility was based on the observed volatility of the
defined peer group. The risk-free rate was based on the iBoxx sovereign
Eurozone yield.
BROAD-BASED EMPLOYEE SHARE OTHER SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
OWNERSHIP PLAN
In 2023, 6,838 share awards granted to certain em-
In November 2023, the Company launched a broad- ployees in 2022 and which each represent the right
based employee share ownership plan under which to receive one Ferrari common share, vested, while
each employee is given the option to become a share- 1,309 awards and 279 awards were forfeited in 2023
holder of the Company, receiving a one-off grant of and 2024, respectively. The fair value of the awards
shares worth up to a maximum of approximately was equal to €203 per award, measured using the
€2 thousand. If the employee holds the shares for at share price at the grant date adjusted for the pres-
least 36 months, the Company will grant them an ad- ent value of future distributions which the recipients
ditional tranche of shares, from a minimum of one will not receive during the vesting period.
share and up to 15 percent of the value of the first al- The Company also provides share-based pay-
location. In 2024, 24,715 share awards vested and the ments for services received as part of commercial
Company granted an additional 2,796 share awards. agreements with certain suppliers.
Starting in 2025, certain employees were given the
opportunity, under specific conditions, to receive OUTSTANDING SHARE AWARDS
part of their “Premio di Competitività” in Company
shares. In 2025, the Company made a grant of 2,055 The following table presents the changes to the out-
share awards and 14,343 share awards vested un- standing share awards under the Group’s share-
der these arrangements. based payment arrangements.
PSU Awards RSU Awards Other Awards Total Outstanding
Awards
Balance at December 31, 2023 154,379 73,245 63,699 291,323
Granted 40,885 15,401 2,796 59,082
Vested (33,924) (29,550) (24,715) (88,189)
Forfeited and other (3,961) (2,241) (7,102) (13,304)
Balance at December 31, 2024 157,379 56,855 34,678 248,912
Granted 33,351 12,612 53,364 99,327
Vested (61,558) (21,437) (46,225) (129,220)
Forfeited and other (5,959) (3,052) (14,589) (23,600)
Balance at December 31, 2025 123,213 44,978 27,228 195,419
455
SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE
The share based compensation expense recognized for the years ended
December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 is presented below.
Equity incentive plans and other share-based awards 16,748 18,280 15,154
Commercial agreements with suppliers 4,260 4,813 4,563
Broad-based employee share ownership plan 6,538 875 10,222
Total share-based compensation expense 27,546 23,968 29,939
(15)
DEBT
A breakdown of debt by nature and split between current and non-
current is presented below.
Current Non-current Total Current Non-current Total
Financial liabilities with related parties 4,023,323 — 4,023,323 2,526,514 — 2,526,514
Bonds and notes 12,368 946,907 959,275 459,056 953,917 1,412,973
Borrowings from banks and other financial 147,249 225,000 372,249 80,604 270,833 351,437
institutions
Lease liabilities 2,736 20,816 23,552 1,905 24,429 26,334
Total debt 4,185,676 1,192,723 5,378,399 3,068,079 1,249,179 4,317,258
Movements in debt are presented below, financing cash flows and other
movements presented separately.
Financing cash flows
At December Proceeds from Repayments of Interest At December
31, 2024 borrowings borrowings accrued/ (paid) 31, 2025
and other (1)
Financial liabilities with related parties 2,526,514 4,000,000 (2,500,000) (3,191) 4,023,323
Bonds and notes 1,412,973 — (450,963) (2,735) 959,275
Borrowings from banks and other financial 351,437 250,000 (228,333) (855) 372,249
institutions
Lease liabilities 26,334 — (1,502) (1,280) 23,552
Total 4,317,258 4,250,000 (3,180,798) (8,061) 5,378,399
456
Financing cash flows
At December Proceeds from Repayments of Interest At December
31, 2023 borrowings borrowings accrued/ (paid) 31, 2024
and other (1)
Financial liabilities with related parties 2,934,848 2,900,000 (3,300,000) (8,334) 2,526,514
Bonds and notes 903,673 496,145 — 13,155 1,412,973
Borrowings from banks and other financial 205,264 225,000 (78,333) (494) 351,437
institutions
Lease liabilities 2,533 — (509) 24,310 26,334
Total 4,046,318 3,621,145 (3,378,842) 28,637 4,317,258
(1) Other changes in lease liabilities relate entirely to non-cash movements for the recognition of additional lease liabilities in accordance
with IFRS 16.
CONTRACTUAL UNDISCOUNTED CASH FLOWS
The following tables present the contractual maturities (contractual
undiscounted cash flows, including interest) of the Company’s debt
based on relevant maturity groupings.
Contractual cash flows at December 31, 2025
Less than 1 Between 1 Between 2 Over 5 years Total As reported
year and 2 years and 5 years contractual at December
cash flows 31, 2025 (*)
€ thousan
Financial liabilities with related parties 4,049,915 — — — 4,049,915 4,023,323
Bonds and notes 23,075 23,075 705,722 302,582 1,054,454 959,275
Borrowings from banks and other financial 153,941 79,819 154,319 — 388,079 372,249
institutions
Lease liabilities 2,736 2,757 8,591 9,468 23,552 23,552
Total debt 4,229,667 105,651 868,632 312,050 5,516,000 5,378,399
Contractual cash flows at December 31, 2024
Less than 1 Between 1 Between 2 Over 5 years Total As reported
year and 2 years and 5 years contractual at December
cash flows 31, 2024 (*)
Financial liabilities with related parties 2,571,947 — — — 2,571,947 2,526,514
Bonds and notes 480,802 23,075 218,525 812,804 1,535,206 1,412,973
Borrowings from banks and other financial 89,414 53,683 234,312 — 377,409 351,437
institutions
Lease liabilities 2,364 3,635 10,697 13,709 30,405 26,334
Total debt 3,144,527 80,393 463,534 826,513 4,514,967 4,317,258
(*) As reported in the consolidated statement of financial position
457
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES WITH RELATED PARTIES
Financial liabilities with related parties at December 31, 2025 are broken
down as follows:
Counterparty Currency Total amount outstanding Due date Interest Rate
at December 31, 2025
Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 505,901 January 2026(*) EURIBOR + 45bps
Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 503,818 March 2026 EURIBOR + 45bps
Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 300,728 May 2026 EURIBOR + 45bps
Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 200,486 May 2026 EURIBOR + 45bps
Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 506,009 July 2026 EURIBOR + 45bps
Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 151,185 September 2026 EURIBOR + 54bps
Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 150,795 September 2026 EURIBOR + 54bps
Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 200,195 September 2026 EURIBOR + 54bps
Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 601,461 November 2026 EURIBOR + 54bps
Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 602,451 November 2026 EURIBOR + 54bps
Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 300,294 November 2026 EURIBOR + 54bps
Total 4,023,323
(*) The financial liabilities due in January 2026 were refinanced with Ferrari S.p.A. for €500 million due in January 2027 at EURIBOR plus a
spread of 36 basis points.
Financial liabilities with related parties at December 31, 2024 are broken
down as follows:
Counterparty Currency Total amount outstanding Due date Interest Rate
at December 31, 2024
Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 509,205 January 2025(*) EURIBOR + 31bps
Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 505,313 March 2025 EURIBOR + 31bps
Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 509,952 July 2025 EURIBOR + 45bps
Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 501,441 November 2025 EURIBOR + 45bps
Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 500,603 December 2025 EURIBOR + 45bps
Total 2,526,514
(*) The financial liabilities due in January 2025 were refinanced with Ferrari S.p.A. for €500 million due in January 2026 at EURIBOR plus a
spread of 45 basis points.
During 2025, certain debt agreements with Ferrari The carrying amount of the financial liabilities with re-
S.p.A. were renewed. Proceeds from financial liabil- lated parties approximates fair value. Information on
ities with related parties amounted to €4,000,000 covenants of the notes, fair value measurement, and
thousand in 2025 (€2,900,000 thousand in 2024). qualitative and quantitative information on financial
Repayments of financial liabilities with related par- risks are provided in Note 24, Note 27 and Note 30, re-
ties amounted to €2,500,000 thousand in 2025 spectively, to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
(€3,300,000 thousand in 2024). Additional information relating to the Group’s liquidi-
At December 31, 2025 a 25 basis point increase ty is provided in the “Liquidity and Capital Resources”
in interest rates on the floating rate financial liabili- section of this Annual Report. The Company deems
ties, with all other variables held constant, would the going concern assumption adequate.
have resulted in a decrease in profit before tax of
€10.337 thousand on an annualized basis (a decrease
in profit before tax of €6,364 thousand at December
31, 2024 for an increase of 25 basis points).
458
459
BONDS AND NOTES 2032 NOTES
On July 29, 2021, the Company issued 0.91 per-
2025 BOND cent senior notes due January 2032 (“2032 Notes”)
through a private placement to certain U.S. institu-
On May 27, 2025, the Company fully repaid the 2025 tional investors having a principal of €150 million.
Bond for a total consideration of €457,727 thousand The net proceeds from the issuance amounted to
(including accrued interest). The bond was previous- €149,495 thousand and the yield to maturity on an
ly issued on May 27, 2020 for a principal of €650 mil- annual basis equals the nominal coupon rates of the
lion at a coupon of 1.5 percent and due on May 2025. notes. The 2032 Notes are used for general corpo-
Following a cash tender offer in July 2023, the Group rate purposes. The amount outstanding of the 2032
accepted for purchase valid tenders of the 2025 Bond Notes at December 31, 2025 was €150,277 thou-
for an aggregate nominal amount of €199,037 thou- sand, including accrued interest of €576 thousand
sand at a purchase price of €191,097 thousand, (€150,229 thousand, including accrued interest of
resulting in gains of €7,940 thousand, which were €576 thousand at December 31, 2024).
recognized within financial income. The amount out- The aforementioned bonds and notes impose
standing at December 31, 2024 was €454,449 thou- covenants on Ferrari including: (i) negative pledge
sand, including accrued interest of €4,059 thousand. clauses which require that, in case any security
interest upon assets of Ferrari is granted in connec-
2030 BOND tion with other notes or debt securities with the con-
sent of Ferrari are, or are intended to be, listed, such
On May 21, 2024, the Company issued 3.625 percent security should be equally and ratably extended to
senior notes due May 2030 (“2030 Bond”) having a the outstanding notes, subject to certain permitted
principal of €500 million. The notes were issued at a exceptions; (ii) pari passu clauses, under which the
discount for an issue price of 99.677 percent, result- notes rank and will rank pari passu with all other
ing in net proceeds of €496,145 thousand, after relat- present and future unsubordinated and unsecured
ed expenses, and a yield to maturity of 3.686 percent. obligations of Ferrari; (iii) events of default for failure
The bond was admitted to trading on the regulated to pay principal or interest or comply with other obli-
market of Euronext Dublin. The proceeds from the gations under the notes with specified cure periods
2030 Bond are intended to be used for general cor- or in the event of a payment default or acceleration
porate purposes. The amount outstanding of the of indebtedness or in the case of certain bankruptcy
2030 Bond December 31, 2025 was €508,225 thou- events, and (iv) other clauses that are customarily
sand, including accrued interest of €11,121 thou- applicable to debt securities of issuers with a sim-
sand. (€507,678 thousand including accrued interest ilar credit standing. A breach of these covenants
of €11,173 thousand at December 31, 2024). may require the early repayment of the notes. At
December 31, 2025 and 2024, Ferrari was in compli-
2029 AND 2031 NOTES ance with the covenants of the bonds and notes.
On July 31, 2019, the Company issued 1.12 percent
senior notes due August 2029 (“2029 Notes”) and
1.27 percent senior notes due August 2031 (“2031
Notes”) through a private placement to certain U.S.
institutional investors, each having a principal of
€150 million. The net proceeds from the issuances
amounted to €298,316 thousand and the yields to
maturity on an annual basis equal the nominal cou-
pon rates of the notes. The 2029 Notes and the 2031
Notes are primarily used for general corporate pur-
poses, including the funding of capital expenditures.
The amount outstanding of the 2029 Notes at
December 31, 2025 was €150,395 thousand, including
accrued interest of €694 thousand (€150,302 thou-
sand, including accrued interest of €700 thousand at
December 31, 2024). The amount outstanding of the
2031 Notes at December 31, 2025 was €150,378 thou-
sand, including accrued interest of €787 thousand
(€150,315 thousand including accrued interest of
€794 thousand at December 31, 2024).
460
BORROWINGS FROM BANKS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
Amount Outstanding at December 31,
Borrowing Entity Currency 2025 2024 Maturity Date
Ferrari NV (1) EUR 37,970 84,115 January 2026 (2)
Ferrari NV (1) EUR 8,336 41,682 March 2026
Ferrari NV (1) EUR 100,452 — April 2026
Ferrari NV (1) EUR 75,361 75,497 January 2027
Ferrari NV (1) EUR 150,130 150,143 December 2028
Total borrowings from banks 372,249 351,437
and other financial institutions
(1) Term loans bearing an average interest rate of 2.6593 percent as of December 31, 2025.
(2) The amount was fully repaid in January 2026.
LEASE LIABILITIES COMMITTED CREDIT LINES
At December 31, 2025 lease liabilities amounted to At December 31, 2025, the Group had total commit-
€23,552 thousand (€26,334 thousand at December ted credit lines available and undrawn amounting to
31, 2024). €550 million and with maturities ranging from 2026
to 2030 (€550 million at December 31, 2024).
(16)
TRADE PAYABLES
Payables due to related parties 1,279 641
Payables due to third parties 3,873 2,283
Total trade payables 5,152 2,924
Payables due to related parties primarily relate to corporate services
rendered and costs recharged by Ferrari S.p.A. Payables due to third
parties primarily relate to costs for marketing-related events and legal
and professional services.
A breakdown of trade payables by currency is presented below.
Euro 735 621
Pound Sterling 4,417 2,303
Total trade payables 5,152 2,924
Trade payables are due within one year and their carrying amount at the
reporting date is deemed to approximate their fair value.
461
(17) (19)
OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES NOTE TO THE STATEMENT OF CASH
FLOWS
Other current liabilities amounted to €22,799 thou-
sand at December 31, 2025 (€26,802 thousand at OPERATING ACTIVITIES
December 31, 2024) and primarily relate to indirect
tax payables, payables to personnel and dividends. Other non-cash income and expenses for 2025 and
2024 primarily relate to share-based compensation
expense.
(18)
EARNINGS PER SHARE
Earnings per share information is provided in Note
12 “Earnings per share” to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.
(20)
AUDIT FEES
The fees for services provided by the Company’s independent auditors,
Deloitte Accountants B.V., and its member firms and/or affiliates, to the
Company and its subsidiaries are broken down as follows:
Audit fees 1,410 1,330
Tax fees — 2
Audit-related fees 905 315
All other fees 68 549
Total 2,383 2,196
In 2025, audit fees and audit-related fees of Deloitte
Accountants B.V. (excluding its member firms and/or (22)
affiliates) amounted to €98 thousand and €295 thou- COMMITMENTS AND
sand, respectively, and are included in the table above. CONTINGENCIES
In 2024, audit fees and audit-related fees of
Deloitte Accountants B.V. (excluding its member
firms and/or affiliates) amounted to €88 thousand At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company pro-
and €295 thousand, respectively, and are included vided guarantees over certain debt of its subsidi-
in the table above. ary Ferrari Financial Services Inc. The book value of
the related debt at December 31, 2025 and 2024 was
€55,769 thousand and €63,181 thousand, respectively.
(21) For intercompany financial guarantees issued
REMUNERATION by the Company there is no significant expected
default and therefore the financial guarantees are
not recognized.
Detailed information on the remuneration of the
Board of Directors and senior management is includ-
ed in the “Corporate Governance” and “Remuneration
of Directors” sections to the Annual Report.
462
(23) • Participation in a Ferrari Group-wide cash man-
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS agement system where the operating cash man-
agement, main funding operations and liquidity
investment of the Ferrari Group are centrally
Pursuant to IAS 24, the related parties with which coordinated by Ferrari S.p.A. Amounts recorded
the Company has transactions are Ferrari S.p.A. as Ferrari Group cash management pools rep-
and other companies within the Ferrari Group. The resented the Company’s participation in such
Group carries out transactions with related parties pools. (Note 11);
on commercial terms that are normal in their re- Financial liabilities and receivables with Ferrari
spective markets, considering the characteristics S.p.A. or other subsidiaries of the Group. (Note
of the goods or services involved. 15 and Note 16);
Related party transactions include: Key management compensation. (Note 21).
Dividends received from Ferrari S.p.A. (Note 4); The impact of transactions with related parties on
Corporate services and recharge of expenses the Company Financial Statements is disclosed sep-
to Ferrari S.p.A. (Note 3); arately in the relevant notes.
Share services received from Ferrari S.p.A.
mainly related to human resources, payroll, tax,
legal, accounting and treasury. (Note 5);
(24)
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE
The following table sets forth the Company’s subsidiaries and associates
at December 31, 2025.
Name Country Nature of business Shares held by
the Group
Subsidiaries directly held
Ferrari S.p.A. Italy Engineering, 100%
manufacturing and sales
Subsidiaries indirectly held through Ferrari S.p.A.
Ferrari North America, Inc. USA Importer and distributor 100%
Ferrari Japan KK Japan Importer and distributor 100%
Ferrari Australasia Pty Limited Australia Importer and distributor 100%
Ferrari International Cars Trading (Shanghai) Co. L.t.d. China Importer and distributor 80%
Ferrari (HK) Limited Hong Kong Importer and distributor 100%
Ferrari Korea Co., Ltd. South Korea Importer and distributor 51%
Ferrari Far East Pte Limited Singapore Service company 100%
Ferrari Management Consulting (Shanghai) Co. L.t.d. China Service company 100%
Ferrari South West Europe S.a.r.l. France Service company 100%
Ferrari Central Europe GmbH Germany Service company 100%
G.S.A. S.A. in liquidation Switzerland Service company 100%
Mugello Circuit S.p.A. Italy Racetrack management 100%
Ferrari Financial Services, Inc. USA Financial services 100%
Subsidiaries indirectly held through other Group entities
Ferrari Auto Securitization Transaction, LLC(1) USA Financial services 100%
Ferrari Auto Securitization Transaction - Lease, LLC(1) USA Financial services 100%
464
Ferrari Auto Securitization Transaction - Select, LLC(1) USA Financial services 100%
Ferrari Financial Services Titling Trust(1) USA Financial services 100%
Ferrari Lifestyle North America, Inc.(2) USA Retail 100%
Associates directly held
Fondazione Casa di Enzo Ferrari Italy Foundation 20%
Branches
UK branch UK Sales and after sales
support
(1) Shareholding held by Ferrari Financial Services, Inc. within the context of securitization transactions for receivables gene ng held by
Ferrari North America, Inc.
(2) Shareholding held by Ferrari North America, Inc.
(25)
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
The Company has evaluated subsequent events
through February 19, 2026, which is the date the
Company Financial Statements were authorized for
issuance, and identified the following matters:
Under the common share repurchase pro-
gram, from January 1, 2026 to February 13, 2026 the
Company purchased an additional 276,643 common
shares for total consideration of €82.0 million. At
February 13, 2026, the Company held in treasury an
aggregate of 16,921,249 common shares.
On February 19, 2026, the Board of Directors of
Ferrari N.V. recommended to the Company’s share-
holders that the Company declare a dividend of
€3.615 per common share, totaling approximately
€640 million. The proposal is subject to the approval
of the Company’s shareholders at the Annual General
Meeting to be held on April 15, 2026.
February 19, 2026
Board of Directors
John Elkann
Piero Ferrari
Benedetto Vigna
Delphine Arnault
Francesca Bellettini
Eddy Cue
Sergio Duca
John Galantic
Tommaso Ghidini
Maria Patrizia Grieco
Adam Keswick
Mike Volpi
465
OTHER INFORMATION 5. Any profits remaining thereafter shall be at the
disposal of the general meeting of Shareholders
for distribution of profits on the common shares
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR only, subject to the provision of paragraph 8 of
NETHERLANDS CORPORATE this article.
GOVERNANCE 6. Subject to a prior proposal of the Board of
Directors, the general meeting of Shareholders
may declare and pay distribution of profits and
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT other distributions in United States Dollars.
Furthermore, subject to the approval of the gen-
The report of the Company’s independent auditor, eral meeting of Shareholders and the Board of
Deloitte Accountants B.V., the Netherlands, is set Directors having been designated as the body
forth at the end of this Annual Report. competent to pass a resolution for the issu-
ance of shares in accordance with Article 6, the
DIVIDENDS Board of Directors may decide that a distribu-
tion shall be made in the form of shares or that
Dividends will be determined in accordance with ar- Shareholders shall be given the option to re-
ticle 23 of the Articles of Association of Ferrari N.V. ceive a distribution either in cash or in the form
The relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of shares.
read as follows: 7. The Company shall only have power to make dis-
tributions to Shareholders and other persons
1. The Company shall maintain a special capital re- entitled to distributable profits to the extent the
serve to be credited against the share premium Company’s equity exceeds the sum of the paid in
exclusively for the purpose of facilitating any is- and called up part of the share capital and the re-
suance or cancellation of special voting shares. serves that must be maintained pursuant to Dutch
The special voting shares shall not carry any law and the Company’s Articles of Association. No
entitlement to the balance of the special capi- distribution of profits or other distributions may
tal reserve. The Board of Directors shall be au- be made to the Company itself for shares that the
thorized to resolve upon (i) any distribution out Company holds in its own share capital.
of the special capital reserve to pay up special 8. The distribution of profits shall be made after
voting shares or (ii) re-allocation of amounts to the adoption of the annual accounts, from which
credit or debit the special capital reserve against it appears that the same is permitted.
or in favor of the share premium reserve. 9. The Board of Directors shall have power to de-
2. The Company shall maintain a separate dividend clare one or more interim distributions of prof-
reserve for the special voting shares. The special its, provided that the requirements of para-
voting shares shall not carry any entitlement to graph 7 hereof are duly observed as evidenced
any other reserve of the Company. Any distribu- by an interim statement of assets and liabilities
tion out of the special voting rights dividend re- as referred to in Section 2:105 paragraph 4 of
serve or the partial or full release of such reserve the DCC and provided further that the policy of
will require a prior proposal from the Board of the Company on additions to reserves and dis-
Directors and a subsequent resolution of the tributions of profits is duly observed. The provi-
meeting of holders of special voting shares. sions of paragraphs 2 and 3 hereof shall apply
3. From the profits, shown in the annual accounts, mutatis mutandis.
as adopted, such amounts shall be reserved as 10. The Board of Directors may determine that dis-
the Board of Directors may determine. tributions are made from the Company’s share
4. The profits remaining thereafter shall first be premium reserve or from any other reserve,
applied to allocate and add to the special voting provided that payments from reserves may only
shares dividend reserve an amount equal to one be made to the Shareholders that are entitled to
percent (1%) of the aggregate nominal value of all the relevant reserve upon the dissolution of the
outstanding special voting shares. The calculation Company.
of the amount to be allocated and added to the spe- 11. Distributions of profits and other distributions
cial voting shares dividend reserve shall occur on shall be made payable in the manner and at such
a time-proportionate basis. If special voting shares date(s) - within four (4) weeks after declaration
are issued during the financial year to which the thereof - and notice thereof shall be given, as the
allocation and addition pertains, then the amount general meeting of Shareholders, or in the case
to be allocated and added to the special voting of interim distributions of profits, the Board of
shares dividend reserve in respect of these newly Directors shall determine.
issued special voting shares shall be calculated as 12. Distributions of profits and other distributions,
from the date on which such special voting shares which have not been collected within five (5)
were issued until the last day of the financial year years and one (1) day after the same have be-
concerned. The special voting shares shall not car- come payable, shall become the property of the
ry any other entitlement to the profits. Company.
OTHER
INFORMATION
446699
BRANCH OFFICES tribution of profits, refer to “Corporate Governance—
Memorandum and Articles of Association”. Our
Please refer to Note 24 “Organizational Structure” to dividend policy is subject to change in the future
the Company Financial Statements included in this based on changes in statutory requirements, mar-
Annual Report. ket trends, strategic developments, capital require-
ments and a number of other factors.
All issued and outstanding common shares will
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION rank equally and will be eligible for any profit or
other payment that may be declared on the com-
mon shares. Pursuant to our Articles of Association,
OFFER AND LISTING DETAILS holders of special voting shares are entitled to a
minimum dividend, which is allocated to the special
In the United States, our common shares are listed dividend reserve. A distribution from the special div-
and traded on the NYSE (trading symbol “RACE”). idend reserve or the (partial) release of the special
Our common shares are also listed and traded on dividend reserve will require a prior proposal from
the Euronext Milan (trading symbol “RACE”). the Board of Directors and a subsequent resolution
of the meeting of holders of special voting shares.
DIVIDEND POLICY Ferrari does not intend to propose any distribution
from the special dividend reserve.
Subject to the approval by the Shareholders at the For additional information on distribution of prof-
2026 Annual General Meeting, the Company intends its, refer to “Corporate Governance—Memorandum
to make a dividend distribution to the holders of and Articles of Association”. In addition, we are carry-
common shares of Euro 3.615 per common share, ing out a share repurchase program. For additional
corresponding to a total dividend distribution to information please refer to “Other Information—
shareholders of approximately Euro 640 million. Additional Information—Purchases of Equity
We intend to return capital to holders of com- Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers”.
mon shares over time through a sustainable divi-
dend policy designed to provide adequate returns PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
to shareholders, while supporting growth and pro- SERVICES
tecting our creditworthiness in order to facilitate
access to external funding. We intend to pay 40 per- Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., the member firms of
cent of our annual net profit by way of dividend in the Deloitte and their respective affiliates (collectively,
coming years; however, the actual level of dividends the “Deloitte Entities”) served as our independent
will be subject to our earnings, cash balances, com- registered public accounting firm for the years end-
mitments, strategic plans and other factors that our ed December 31, 2025 and 2024. We incurred the
Board of Directors may deem relevant at the time of following fees for professional services that for the
the dividend, including adjustments for income or years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 referred
costs that are significant in nature but expected to to the Deloitte Entities:
occur infrequently. For additional information on dis-
(€ thousands)
Audit fees 1,410 1,330
Tax fees - 2
Audit-related fees 905 315
All other fees 68 549
Total 2,383 2,196
“Audit fees” are the aggregate fees earned by the tax compliance activities. “Audit-related fees” are
Principal Accountant Entities for the audit of our fees charged by the Deloitte Entities for assurance
consolidated annual financial statements, reviews and related services that are reasonably related to
of interim financial statements and attestation ser- the performance of the audit or review of our finan-
vices that are provided in connection with statuto- cial statements and are not reported under “Audit
ry and regulatory filings or engagements. “Tax fees” fees”. This category comprises fees for agreed-upon
are the aggregate fees charged by the Principal procedures engagements and other attestation ser-
Accountant for professional services rendered for vices subject to regulatory requirements. “All other
471
fees” are fees earned by the Principal Accountant PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE
for non-audit services rendered in connection with ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS
new CSRD rules and a bond issuance.
A multi-year share repurchase program of approx-
AUDIT COMMITTEE’S PRE-APPROVAL imately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by
POLICIES AND PROCEDURES 2026 (the “Prior Program”) was announced by the
Company at the Capital Markets Day held on June
Our Audit Committee nominates and engages our 16, 2022, replacing its prior share buyback pro-
independent registered public accounting firm to gram. Between December 6, 2024 and February
audit our consolidated financial statements. Our 20, 2025, Ferrari executed the sixth tranche of the
Audit Committee has a policy requiring manage- Prior Program for consideration of €150 million (the
ment to obtain the Audit Committee’s approval be- “Sixth Tranche”). On February 26, 2025, the Company
fore engaging our independent registered public participated in the accelerated bookbuild offering of
accounting firm to provide any other audit or per- common shares made by Exor N.V. by repurchasing
mitted non-audit services to us or our subsidiaries. 666,666 common shares for a total consideration
Pursuant to this policy, which is designed to ensure of Euro 299,999,700 (the “Seventh Tranche”); the
that such engagements do not impair the indepen- Seventh Tranche settled on March 3, 2025. Between
dence of our independent registered public ac- August 22, 2025 and December 12, 2025, Ferrari ex-
counting firm, the Audit Committee reviews and ecuted the eighth tranche of the Prior Program for
pre-approves (if appropriate) specific audit and consideration of €360 million (the “Eighth Tranche”).
non- audit services in the categories Audit Services, Following the Capital Markets Day held on
Audit-Related Services, Tax Services, and any other October 9, 2025, Ferrari announced a new multi-year
services that may be performed by our independent share buyback program of approximately Euro 3.5
registered public accounting firm. billion expected to be executed between 2026 and
2030. See “Corporate Governance—Share Capital”
CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING in this Annual Report for additional information.
ACCOUNTANT As of December 31, 2025, Ferrari’s common
shares held in treasury amounted to 16,644,606
Not applicable. and special voting shares held in treasury
amounted to 6,683,471.
The following table reports purchases of Ferrari
equity securities by the Company during the year
ended December 31, 2025, which were made under
the Sixth Tranche, the Seventh Tranche and the
Eighth Tranche under the Prior Program.
Period Total Number Average Price Total Number of Shares Approximate Value of Shares
of Shares Paid per Share Purchased as Part of Publicly that May Yet Be Purchased under
Purchased (€)(1)(2) Announced Plans or Programs the Plans or Programs (€)
Jan 1 to Jan 31, 2025 161,276 412.9836 161,276 736,638,442
Feb 1 to Feb 28, 2025 745,433 451.6194 745,433 399,986,444
March 1 to March 31, 2025 — — — 399,986,444
April 1 to April 30, 2025 — — — 399,986,444
May 1 to May 31, 2025 — — — 399,986,444
June 1 to June 30, 2025 — — — 399,986,444
July 1 to July 31, 2025 — — — 399,986,444
Aug 1 to Aug 31, 2025 67,466 406.5543 67,466 372,557,854
Sept 1 to Sept 30, 2025 257,067 410.0799 257,067 267,139,844
Oct 1 to Oct 31, 2025 353,679 354.8622 353,679 141,632,529
Nov 1 to Nov 30, 2025 270,222 350.2077 270,222 46,998,698
Dec 1 to Dec 31, 2025 21,877 320.5113 21,877 39,986,872
Total 1,877,020 406.6317 1,877,020
(1) Repurchases made under the Sixth, Seventh and Eighth Tranche of the Prior Program. The Sixth Tranche was completed on
February 20, 2025, the Seventh Tranche was completed with repurchases last made on February 26, 2025, and the Eighth Tranche
was completed on December 12, 2025.
(2) Share repurchases made on the NYSE have been converted into Euro from U.S. Dollars at the exchange rate reported by the
European Central Bank on the respective transaction dates.
472
In addition to the above, in the context of the Group’s a bank, financial institution, or insurance company,
employee equity incentive plans, on March 13, 2025 a person liable for the alternative minimum tax,
the Company assigned a total of 113,466 common a person that actually or constructively owns 10
shares, previously held in treasury, to certain em- percent or more, by vote or value, of Ferrari,
ployees of the Group. On the same day, Ferrari pur- a person that holds common shares or special
chased, in a “cross order” transaction executed on voting shares of Ferrari as part of a straddle or
the Euronext Milan, a total of 47,907 common shares a hedging, conversion, or other risk reduction
from a group of those employees in order to cover transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
such individuals’ taxable income in line with market a person that acquired common shares or spe-
practice (Sell to Cover) at the average price of Euro cial voting shares of Ferrari pursuant to the ex-
414.0109 per share. ercise of employee stock options or otherwise
The total value of common shares repurchased as compensation, or
under the Prior Program, together with the common a person whose functional currency is not the
shares with a value of Euro 43 million repurchased U.S. Dollar.
in connection with the Sell-to-Cover practice under
the Group’s equity incentive plans from July 1, 2022 This section is based on the Internal Revenue Code
to December 31, 2025, amounts to Euro 2 billion. of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), its legislative his-
tory, existing and proposed regulations, published
rulings and court decisions, as well as on applicable
TAXATION tax treaties, all as of the date hereof. These laws are
subject to change, possibly on a retroactive basis. It
does not cover all potential U.S. tax consequences,
MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME nor does this section address potential state and lo-
TAX CONSEQUENCES cal taxes that may apply.
If an entity or arrangement treated as a part-
Ferrari N.V. is a public limited company organized in nership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds
the Netherlands that is classified as a foreign corpo- shares, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a
ration for U.S. federal income tax purposes. partner will generally depend on the status of the
This section describes the material U.S. federal partner and the tax treatment of the partnership (i.e.,
income tax consequences of owning Ferrari com- an aggregate theory of partnership taxation may
mon shares and special voting shares. It applies apply to look-through the partnership to the ultimate
solely to “U.S. holders” (as defined below) that hold partner). A partner in an entity treated as a partner-
common shares or special voting shares of Ferrari ship for U.S. federal income tax purposes holding
as capital assets. shares should consult its tax advisors regarding the
For purposes of this discussion, a “U.S. holder” is a U.S. federal income tax treatment of the ownership
beneficial owner of common shares of Ferrari that is: of Ferrari common shares.
All holders of Ferrari common shares and special
(a) an individual that is a citizen or tax resident of the voting shares should consult their own tax advisors
United States; regarding the U.S. federal, state and local, foreign
(b) a corporation, or other entity taxable as a corpo- and other tax consequences of the receipt, owner-
ration, created or organized under the laws of ship and disposition of Ferrari common shares that
the United States; may be relevant to their unique circumstances.
(c) an estate whose income is subject to U.S. fed-
eral income tax, regardless of the income’s TAXATION OF DIVIDENDS
source; or
(d) a trust if (i) a U.S. court can exercise primary su- Under the U.S. federal income tax laws, and subject
pervision over the trust’s administration and one to the discussion of the taxation of a passive for-
or more U.S. persons are authorized to control all eign income company (“PFIC”) below, a U.S. holder
substantial decisions of the trust or (ii) the trust has must include in its gross income the gross amount
made a valid election under applicable Treasury of any dividend paid by Ferrari to the extent of its
Regulations to be treated as a U.S. person. current or accumulated earnings and profits (as de-
termined under U.S. federal income tax principles).
This section does not apply to holders that are U.S. Dividends will be taxed as ordinary income to the
persons that are generally subject to special income extent that they are paid out of Ferrari’s current or
tax rules, including: accumulated earnings and profits. Dividends paid
to a non-corporate U.S. holder by certain “qualified
a dealer in securities or foreign currencies, foreign corporations” that constitute qualified divi-
a regulated investment company, dend income may be taxable to the holder at pref-
a trader in securities that elects to use a mark- erential rates applicable to long-term capital gains
to-market method of accounting for securities provided that the holder meets other holding period
holdings, and tax treaty eligibility requirements.
a tax-exempt organization,
473
However, no assurance can be given that the com- Receipt of special voting shares
mon shares of Ferrari will qualify for the benefits of
a comprehensive income tax treaty with the United If a U.S. holder receives special voting shares, the
States. Further, no assurance can be given that the tax consequences of the receipt of special voting
U.S. holder receiving such dividend will be eligible shares is unclear. While distributions of stock are
for the benefits of such a treaty. tax-free in certain circumstances, it is possible that
Distributions in excess of current and accumu- the distribution of special voting shares could be
lated earnings and profits, as determined for U.S. treated as a distribution subject to tax as described
federal income tax purposes, will be treated as a above in “—Taxation of Dividends” if such distribution
non-taxable return of capital to the extent of the U.S. were considered to result in a “disproportionate dis-
holder’s tax basis in Ferrari common shares, caus- tribution”. If the distribution of special voting shares
ing a reduction in the U.S. holder’s adjusted basis in were so treated, the amount of the distribution
Ferrari common shares. Any distribution in excess should equal the fair market value of the special vot-
of tax basis will likely be considered a capital gain. ing shares received. Ferrari believes and intends to
Subject to certain limitations, any non-U.S. tax take the position that the value of each special voting
withheld and paid over to a non-U.S. taxing authority share is minimal. However, because the fair market
is generally eligible for credit against a U.S. holder’s value of the special voting shares is factual and is not
U.S. federal income tax liability. The amount allowed governed by any guidance that directly addresses
to a U.S. holder as a credit is subject to a general such a situation, the various tax authorities could as-
limitation to the amount of the U.S. holder’s U.S. fed- sert that the value of the special voting shares (and
eral income tax liability that is attributable to income thus the amount of the distribution) as determined
from non-U.S. sources and is computed separately by Ferrari is incorrect.
with respect to different types of income that the
U.S. holder receives from non-U.S. sources. Further Ownership of special voting shares
limitations may apply and U.S. holders are strongly
urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding Ferrari believes that U.S. holders holding special
the possible withholding tax and potential tax credits voting shares should not have to recognize income
that may be available. in respect of amounts transferred to the special
voting shares dividend reserve that are not paid out
TAXATION OF CAPITAL GAINS as dividends. Section 305 of the Dutch Corporate
Governance Code may, in certain circumstances,
Subject to the discussion of PFIC taxation and ex- require a holder of preferred shares to recognize
pected tax consequences of the Separation below, income even if no dividends are received on such
a U.S. holder that sells or otherwise disposes of its shares if the preferred shares are redeemable at
Ferrari common shares will recognize capital gain a premium and the redemption premium results
or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes equal in a “constructive distribution”. Preferred shares
to the difference between the U.S. Dollar value of for this purpose refer to shares that do not par-
the amount that the U.S. holder realizes and the U.S. ticipate in corporate growth to any significant ex-
holder’s tax basis in those shares. Capital gain of a tent. Ferrari believes that Section 305 of the Dutch
noncorporate U.S. holder may be taxed at preferen- Corporate Governance Code should not apply
tial rates where the property is held for more than to any amounts transferred to the special voting
one year. The deduction of capital losses is subject shares dividend reserve that are not paid out as
to limitations. dividends so as to require current income inclu-
Nonresident alien individual(s) present in the sion by U.S. holders because, among other things,
United States for a period or periods aggregating (i) the special voting shares are not redeemable
183 days or more during the taxable year may be on a specific date and a U.S. holder is only enti-
subject to U.S. income taxation upon the disposition tled to receive amounts in respect of the special
of capital property. voting shares upon liquidation, (ii) Section 305 of
the Dutch Corporate Governance Code does not
LOYALTY VOTING PROGRAM require the recognition of income in respect of a
redemption premium if the redemption premium
NO STATUTORY, JUDICIAL OR ADMINISTRATIVE does not exceed a de minimis amount and, even
AUTHORITY DIRECTLY DISCUSSES HOW THE if the amounts transferred to the special voting
RECEIPT, OWNERSHIP OR DISPOSITION OF SPECIAL shares dividend reserve that are not paid out as
VOTING SHARES SHOULD BE TREATED FOR U.S. dividends are considered redemption premium,
FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES AND AS A RESULT, the amount of the redemption premium is like-
THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES ARE ly to be “de minimis” as such term is used in the
UNCERTAIN. ACCORDINGLY, WE URGE U.S. HOLDERS applicable Treasury Regulations. Ferrari there-
TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISOR AS TO THE TAX fore intends to take the position that the transfer
CONSEQUENCES OF THE RECEIPT, OWNERSHIP AND of amounts to the special voting shares dividend
DISPOSITION OF SPECIAL VOTING SHARES. reserve that are not paid out as dividends does
not result in a “constructive distribution”, and this
475
determination is binding on all U.S. holders of spe- In general, Ferrari would be a PFIC with respect to
cial voting shares other than a U.S. holder that ex- a U.S. holder if for any taxable year in which the U.S.
plicitly discloses its contrary determination in the holder held shares of Ferrari stock, if after the appli-
manner prescribed by the applicable regulations. cation of applicable “look-through rules”:
However, because the tax treatment of the loyalty
voting program is unclear and because Ferrari’s 75 percent or more of Ferrari’s gross income for
determination is not binding, it is possible that the the taxable year consists of “passive income”; or
tax authorities could disagree with Ferrari’s de- At least 50 percent of our assets (averaged over
termination and require current income inclusion the year and determined based upon value) pro-
in respect of such amounts transferred to the duce or are held for the production of passive
special voting shares dividend reserve that are income (including cash).
not paid out as dividends.
If Ferrari were a PFIC, U.S. holders could face ad-
DISPOSITION OF SPECIAL VOTING SHARES verse tax consequences, including loss of preferen-
tial tax rates on dividends and capital gains, and ad-
The tax treatment of a U.S. holder that has its spe- ditional interest charges. Certain elections (such as
cial voting shares redeemed for zero consider- a “mark-to-market” or “qualified electing fund” elec-
ation after removing its common shares from the tion) may mitigate these consequences, but Ferrari
Loyalty Register is unclear. It is possible that a U.S. does not intend to provide the information neces-
holder would recognize a loss to the extent of the sary to make a QEF election. A U.S. holder that holds
U.S. holder’s basis in its special voting shares. Such shares of Ferrari stock during a period when Ferrari
loss would be a capital loss and would be a long- is a PFIC will be subject to the foregoing rules for that
term capital loss if a U.S. holder has held its spe- taxable year and all subsequent taxable years with
cial voting shares for more than one year. It is also respect to that U.S. holder’s holding of Ferrari com-
possible that a U.S. holder would not be allowed to mon shares, even if Ferrari ceases to be a PFIC. U.S.
recognize a loss upon the redemption of its spe- holders should consult their tax advisors regarding
cial voting shares and instead a U.S. holder should PFIC rules and related reporting obligations.
increase the basis in its Ferrari common shares
by an amount equal to the basis in its special vot- FATCA AND INFORMATION REPORTING
ing shares. Such basis increase in a U.S. holder’s
Ferrari common shares would decrease the gain, Payments of dividends and proceeds from the sale
or increase the loss, that a U.S. holder would recog- or other disposition of Ferrari common shares may
nize upon the sale or other taxable disposition of its be subject to information reporting and backup
Ferrari common shares. withholding under U.S. federal income tax law. In ad-
THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT OF dition, under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance
THE LOYALTY VOTING PROGRAM IS UNCLEAR AND Act (“FATCA”), certain U.S. holders may be required
U.S. HOLDERS ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX to report information about their ownership of
ADVISORS IN RESPECT OF THE CONSEQUENCES OF Ferrari shares to the IRS, and certain non-U.S. finan-
ACQUIRING, OWNING, AND DISPOSING OF SPECIAL cial institutions may be required to report informa-
VOTING SHARES. tion about accounts holding Ferrari shares. Failure
to comply with FATCA reporting requirements may
PFIC CONSIDERATIONS result in penalties. Backup withholding generally
will not apply to a U.S. holder that provides a correct
Ferrari believes that shares of its stock are not con- taxpayer identification number and certifies that
sidered stock of a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax it is not subject to backup withholding. U.S. holders
purposes, but this conclusion must be factually de- should consult their tax advisors regarding the ap-
termined annually, and thus is subject to change. plication of FATCA and backup withholding to their
The PFIC regime of taxation is onerous and complex particular circumstances.
and can be mitigated through certain U.S. tax elec-
tions. However, because of the administrative bur-
dens involved, Ferrari does not intend to provide
information to its holders that would be required to
make such election(s) effective (i.e., a PFIC “Annual
Information Statement”).
Because the determination of whether a foreign
corporation is a PFIC is primarily factual and there
is little administrative or judicial authority on which
to rely, the U.S. tax authority might not agree that
Ferrari is not a PFIC. Moreover, no assurance can be
given that Ferrari would not become a PFIC for any
future taxable year if there were to be changes in
Ferrari’s assets, income or operations.
476
U.S. ESTATE AND GIFT TAX This section is based on the tax law of the Netherlands
(unpublished case law not included) as it stands at
Ferrari common shares owned or treated as owned the date of this Form. The tax law upon which this
by an individual who is a U.S. citizen or resident (for description is based is subject to changes, possibly
U.S. estate tax purposes) at the time of death will gen- with retroactive effect. Any such changes may inval-
erally be included in the individual’s gross estate for idate the contents of this summary, which will not be
U.S. estate tax purposes and may be subject to U.S. updated to reflect such changes.
estate tax. Similarly, gifts of Ferrari common shares
by a U.S. citizen or resident may be subject to U.S. gift SCOPE OF THE SUMMARY
tax. U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors re-
garding the U.S. estate and gift tax consequences of The summary of Dutch taxes set out in this section
holding Ferrari common shares. “Material Dutch tax consequences” only applies to
a holder of Ferrari common shares and, if applica-
ble Ferrari special voting shares who is a non-res-
MATERIAL NETHERLANDS TAX ident holder of such shares. For the purpose of
CONSEQUENCES this summary a holder of Ferrari common shares
and, if applicable Ferrari special voting shares is a
non-resident holder of such shares if such holder is
This section solely addresses the principal Dutch neither a resident nor deemed to be resident in The
tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership Netherlands for purposes of Dutch income tax or
and disposal of Ferrari common shares and, if ap- corporation tax as the case may be.
plicable, Ferrari special voting shares by non-res- This Dutch taxation section does not address the
ident holders of such shares (as defined below). Dutch tax consequences for a holder of Ferrari com-
It does not purport to describe every aspect of mon shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting
Dutch taxation that may be relevant to a particu- shares who:
lar holder of Ferrari common shares and, if appli-
cable, Ferrari special voting shares. This section (i) is a person who may be deemed an owner
does not describe any Dutch tax considerations of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable,
or consequences arising from the Dutch Minimum Ferrari special voting shares for Dutch tax pur-
Tax Act 2024 (the Dutch implementation of Council poses pursuant to specific statutory attribution
Directive (EU) 2022/2523 of 14 December 2022 on rules in Dutch tax law;
ensuring a global minimum level of taxation for (ii) is, although in principle subject to Dutch cor-
multinational enterprise groups and large-scale poration tax, in whole or in part, specifically ex-
domestic groups in the EU) which may be relevant empt from that tax in connection with income
for a particular holder. Tax matters are complex, from of Ferrari common shares and, if applica-
and the tax consequences to a particular holder of ble, Ferrari special voting shares;
Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari (iii) is an investment institution as defined in the
special voting shares will depend in part on such Dutch Corporation Tax Act 1969;
holder’s circumstances. Shareholders and any (iv) is an entity that, although in principle subject to
potential investor should consult their own tax ad- Dutch corporation tax, is fully or partly exempt
visors regarding the Dutch tax consequences of from Dutch corporation tax;
acquiring, owning and disposing of Ferrari com- (v) owns Ferrari common shares and, if applica-
mon shares or, if applicable, Ferrari special voting ble, Ferrari special voting shares in connection
shares in their particular circumstances. with a membership of a management board or
Where in this section English terms and expres- a supervisory board, an employment relation-
sions are used to refer to Dutch concepts, the mean- ship, a deemed employment relationship or
ing to be attributed to such terms and expressions management role;
shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equiva- (vi) has a substantial interest in Ferrari or a deemed
lent Dutch concepts under Dutch tax law. Where in substantial interest in Ferrari for Dutch tax pur-
this section the terms “the Netherlands” and “Dutch” poses. Generally, a person holds a substantial
are used, these refer solely to the European part of interest if (a) such person – either alone or, in the
the Kingdom of the Netherlands. case of an individual, together with his partner
This section assumes that the board shall control or any of his relatives by blood or by marriage
the conduct of the affairs of Ferrari and shall pro- in the direct line (including foster-children) or
cure that Ferrari is organized such and that its busi- of those of his partner for Dutch tax purposes –
ness will be conducted in the manner set out in this owns or is deemed to own, directly or indirectly,
Form, and particularly such that Ferrari should be 5 percent or more of the shares or of any class
treated as solely resident of Italy for the application of shares of Ferrari, or rights to acquire, direct-
of the tax treaty as concluded between Italy and the ly or indirectly, such an interest in the shares of
Netherlands. A change in facts and circumstances Ferrari or profit participating certificates relat-
may invalidate the contents of this section, which will ing to 5 percent or more of the annual profits
not be updated to reflect any such change. or to 5 percent or more of the liquidation pro-
477
ceeds of Ferrari, or (b) such person’s shares, representative in the Netherlands, and to which
rights to acquire shares or profit participating permanent establishment or permanent rep-
certificates in Ferrari are held by him following resentative its Ferrari common shares and, if
the application of a non-recognition provision, applicable, Ferrari special voting shares are at-
whereby the Ferrari common shares and the tributable; or
Ferrari special voting shares are considered to (ii) it derives profits pursuant to a co-entitlement
be separate classes of shares; or to the net value of an enterprise which is man-
(vii) is for Dutch tax purposes taxable as a corporate aged in the Netherlands, other than as a holder
entity and resident of Aruba, Curaçao or Sint of securities, and to which enterprise its Ferrari
Maarten. common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari spe-
cial voting shares are attributable.
TAXES ON INCOME AND CAPITAL GENERAL
GAINS
A non-resident holder of Ferrari common shares
and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares will
NON-RESIDENT HOLDERS OF FERRARI for Dutch tax purposes not carry on or be deemed
COMMON SHARES AND, IF APPLICABLE, to carry on an enterprise, in whole or in part, through
FERRARI SPECIAL VOTING SHARES a permanent establishment or a permanent repre-
sentative in the Netherlands by reason only of the
execution and/or enforcement of the documents
INDIVIDUALS relating to the issue of Ferrari common shares and/
or, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares or the
If a non-resident holder of Ferrari common shares performance by Ferrari of its obligations under such
and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares is documents or under the Ferrari common shares
an individual, he will not be subject to Dutch income and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares.
tax in respect of any benefits derived or deemed to
be derived from or in connection with Ferrari com- DIVIDEND WITHHOLDING TAX
mon shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting
shares, except if: Ferrari is generally required to withhold Dutch div-
idend withholding tax at a rate of 15 percent from
(i) he derives profits from an enterprise, whether dividends distributed by it. As an exception to this
as an entrepreneur or pursuant to a co-entitle- rule, Ferrari may not be required to withhold Dutch
ment to the net value of such enterprise, other dividend withholding tax from non-Resident holders
than as a shareholder, and such enterprise is of shares (as defined above) that do not have a per-
carried on, in whole or in part, through a perma- manent establishment or permanent representative
nent establishment or a permanent representa- in the Netherlands to which their Ferrari common
tive in the Netherlands, and his Ferrari common shares and/or its Ferrari common shares are attrib-
shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting utable, if it is considered to be a tax resident of both
shares are attributable to such permanent es- the Netherlands and Italy, in accordance with the
tablishment or permanent representative; or domestic tax residency provisions applied by each
(ii) he derives benefits or is deemed to derive bene- of these jurisdictions, while the double tax treaty be-
fits from or in connection with Ferrari common tween the Netherlands and Italy attributes the tax
shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting residency exclusively to Italy.
shares that are taxable as benefits from miscel-
laneous activities performed in the Netherlands. GIFT AND INHERITANCE TAXES
CORPORATE ENTITIES No Dutch gift tax or Dutch inheritance tax will arise
with respect to an acquisition or deemed acquisition
If a non-resident holder of Ferrari common shares of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari
and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares is a special voting shares by way of gift by, or upon the
corporate entity, or an entity including an associa- death of, a holder of Ferrari common shares and, if ap-
tion, a partnership and a mutual fund, taxable as a plicable, Ferrari special voting shares who is neither
corporate entity, it will not be subject to Dutch cor- resident nor deemed to be resident in the Netherlands
poration tax in respect of any benefits derived or for purposes of Dutch gift tax or Dutch inheritance tax
deemed to be derived from or in connection with except if, in the event of a gift whilst not being a resi-
Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari dent nor being a deemed resident in the Netherlands
special voting shares, except if: for purposes of Dutch gift tax or Dutch inheritance
tax, the holder of Ferrari common shares and, if ap-
(i) it derives profits from an enterprise directly plicable, Ferrari special voting shares becomes a resi-
which is carried on, in whole or in part, through dent or a deemed resident in the Netherlands and dies
a permanent establishment or a permanent within 180 days after the date of the gift.
478
For purposes of Dutch gift tax and Dutch inheritance manner in which Ferrari conducts its business may
tax, a gift of Ferrari common shares and, if applica- invalidate the contents of this section, which will not
ble, Ferrari special voting shares made under a con- be updated to reflect any such change.
dition precedent is deemed to be made at the time Law No. 111 of August 9, 2023, delegated the
the condition precedent is satisfied. Italian Government to enact one or more legislative
decrees to reform the Italian tax system (the “Tax
VALUE ADDED TAX Reform”). The Tax Reform could significantly change
the taxation of financial income and capital gains and
No Dutch value added tax should arise in respect of introduce several amendments in the Italian tax sys-
any payment in consideration for the issue of Ferrari tem at different levels. The precise nature, extent, and
common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special impact of these amendments cannot be quantified or
voting shares. foreseen with any certainty at this stage. Therefore,
the information provided in this Prospectus may not
REGISTRATION TAXES AND DUTIES reflect the future tax framework.
This summary is based on the tax laws of the
No Dutch registration tax, transfer tax, stamp duty Republic of Italy and case law / practice (unpublished
or any other similar documentary tax or duty, other case law / practice is not included) as it stands at
than court fees, is payable in the Netherlands in re- the date of this summary. The law upon which this
spect of or in connection with the execution and/or description is based is subject to change, potentially
enforcement (including by legal proceedings and in- with retroactive effect. Any such change may invali-
cluding the enforcement of any foreign judgment in date the contents of this description, which will not be
the courts of the Netherlands) of the documents re- updated to reflect this change.
lating to the issue of Ferrari common shares and, if
applicable, Ferrari special voting shares, the perfor- DEFINITIONS
mance by Ferrari of its obligations under such doc-
uments, or the transfer of Ferrari common shares In this section, the following terms have the meaning
and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares. defined below:
“CITA”: Presidential Decree No. 917 of December
MATERIAL ITALIAN INCOME TAX 22, 1986 (the Consolidated Income Tax Act);
CONSEQUENCES “EEA State”: a State that is party to the European
Economic Area Agreement;
“Finance Act 2017”: Law No. 232 of December 11,
This section describes solely the material Italian tax 2016;
consequences of acquiring, holding, and disposing “Finance Act 2021”: Law No. 178 of December 30,
of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari 2020;
special voting shares. It does not consider every “Finance Act 2025”: Law No. 207 of December 30,
aspect of Italian taxation that may be relevant to a 2024;
particular holder of Ferrari common shares and, if “Finance Act 2026”: Law No. 199 of December 30,
applicable, Ferrari special voting shares in special 2025;
circumstances or who is subject to special treatment “IRES”: Italian corporate income tax;
under applicable law, and it is not intended to be ap- “Italian White List”: the list of countries and ter-
plicable in all respects to all classes of investors. ritories allowing a satisfactory exchange of in-
Shareholders and any potential prospective inves- formation with Italy (i) currently included in the
tors should consult their own tax advisors regarding Italian Ministerial Decree of September 4, 1996,
the Italian tax consequences of acquiring, holding, as subsequently amended and supplemented,
and disposing of Ferrari common shares and, if appli- or (ii) once effective in any other decree or reg-
cable, Ferrari special voting shares in their particular ulation that will be issued in the future to provide
circumstances and should investigate the nature and the list of such countries and territories (and that
the origin of the amounts received as distributions will replace the Ministerial Decree of September
in connection with the Ferrari common shares (div- 4, 1996), including any country or territory that
idends or reserves). will be deemed listed therein for the purpose of
Where in this section English terms and expres- any interim rule;
sions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the “Non-Qualified Holdings”: holdings of common
meaning to be given to these terms and expressions shares in Ferrari, including rights or securities
shall be the meaning to be given to the equivalent through which Ferrari common shares may be
Italian concepts under Italian tax law. This summary acquired, other than Qualified Holdings;
assumes that Ferrari common shares will be listed “Qualified Holdings”: holdings of common shares
on a regulated market. This summary also assumes in Ferrari, including rights or securities through
that Ferrari is organized, and that the business will which Ferrari common shares may be acquired,
be conducted, in the manner outlined in this report. that represent, in case of shares listed on regu-
A change to the organizational structure or to the lated markets, either (i) more than two percent
479
of the overall voting rights exercisable at ordi- (ii)
nary shareholders’ meetings or (ii) an interest Individuals not engaged in business activity
in Ferrari’s issued and outstanding capital in ex- and holding the Ferrari common shares
cess of 5 percent, and under the “risparmio gestito” regime
“Transfer of Qualified Holdings”: transfers of
common shares in Ferrari, including rights Dividends paid to Italian resident individuals who do
or securities through which Ferrari common not hold the Ferrari common shares in connection
shares may be acquired, that exceed, over a with a business activity are not subject to any tax
period of 12 (twelve) months, the threshold for withheld at source in Italy if (a) the holder has entrust-
qualifying as Qualified Holdings. The twelve- ed the management of the shares to an authorized in-
month period starts from the date when the termediary under a discretionary asset management
shares, securities and the rights owned rep- contract, and (b) the holder has elected for the dis-
resent a percentage of voting rights or inter- cretionary investment portfolio regime (“risparmio
est in Ferrari’s capital that exceeds the afore- gestito”) under Article 7 of Legislative Decree No. 461
said thresholds. In case of rights or securities of November 21, 1997 (“Decree 461”). In this case, the
through which Ferrari common shares may be dividends are included in the annual accrued man-
acquired, the percentage of voting rights or in- agement result (risultato maturato annuo di gestio-
terest in Ferrari’s capital potentially attributable ne), which is subjected to a 26 percent substitute tax.
to the holding of such rights and securities is
taken into account. (iii)
Sole Proprietors
TAXATION OF DIVIDENDS
Dividends paid to Italian resident individuals who
The tax regime summarized in this subsection hold the Ferrari common shares in connection with a
“Taxation of Dividends” applies only to classes of business activity (“Sole Proprietors”) are not subject
holders of Ferrari common shares and, if applica- to any tax withheld at source in Italy, provided that, in
ble, Ferrari special voting shares that are described this case, the holders declare at the time of receipt
here below. that the profits collected are from holdings connect-
Dividends paid by Ferrari are subject to the tax ed with their business activity. In this case, dividends
regime generally applicable to dividends paid by must be reported in the income tax return of the
companies that are resident for tax purposes in the holders. The dividends are included in full in the hold-
Republic of Italy. ers’ overall business income taxable in Italy; howev-
er, only 58.14 percent of the dividends are included
The tax regime may vary as follows. in the holders’ overall business income taxable in
Italy if the holders own a direct shareholding that ei-
(A) ther represents at least 5 percent of Ferrari’s share
ITALIAN RESIDENT PERSONS capital or has a tax basis no lower than €500,000. In
computing the 5 percent threshold, shareholdings
(i) owned within the same group (i.e., persons that are
Individuals not engaged in business activity related pursuant to Article 2359(1), no. 1), and (2) of
the Italian Civil Code) are taken into account, subject
Under Decree No. 600 of September 29, 1973 (“Decree to the dilution effect of the corporate chain.
600”), dividends paid to Italian resident individuals
who hold the Ferrari common shares neither in con- (iv)
nection with a business activity nor in the context of Partnerships (Italian “società in nome col-
the discretionary investment portfolio regime (“ris- lettivo”, “società in accomandita semplice”,
parmio gestito”) as defined in subparagraph (A)(ii) be- “società semplici” and similar Italian partner-
low are subject to 26 percent tax withheld at source ships as referred to in Article 5 CITA), as well
in Italy. In this case, the holders are not required to re- as companies and other business entities
port the dividends in their income tax returns. referred to in Article 73(1)(a)-(b) CITA
Subject to certain conditions (including mini-
mum holding period requirement) and limitations, No Italian tax is withheld at source on dividends paid
dividends paid by Ferrari may be exempt from any to Italian business partnerships (such as Italian “so-
income taxation (including from the 26 percent tax cietà in nome collettivo”, “società in accomandita
withheld at source) if the common shares do not rep- semplice” and similar partnerships as referred to in
resent a Qualified Holding and are included in a long- Article 5 CITA). The dividends are included in full in the
term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo overall business income to be reported by the part-
termine) that meets all the requirements set forth nership if the partnership is a business partnership;
under Italian tax law. however, only 58.14 percent of the dividends are in-
cluded in the partnership’s overall business income
taxable in Italy if the partnership owns a direct share-
holding that either represents at least 5 percent of
480
Ferrari’s share capital or has a tax basis no lower the holder’s overall income subject to IRES. For so-
than € 500,000. In computing the 5 percent thresh- cial security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree
old, shareholdings owned within the same group (i.e., No. 509 of June 30, 1994 and Legislative Decree No.
persons that are related pursuant to Article 2359(1), 103 of February 10, 1996, subject to certain condi-
no. 1), and (2) of the Italian Civil Code) are taken into ac- tions (including minimum holding period require-
count, subject to the dilution effect of the corporate ment) and limitations, dividends and other income
chain. If the partnership is instead a non-business from the common shares that do not represent
partnership (“società semplice” and similar partner- a Qualified Holding may be excluded from the tax-
ships as referred to in Article 5 CITA), based on Article able base if the social security entity earmarks
32-quater of Law Decree No. 124 of October 26, 2019, the common shares as eligible investment under
as subsequently amended and supplemented, divi- Article 1(89) of Finance Act 2017 (as subsequently
dends are deemed to be received on a tax transpar- amended) to the extent, however, that investment
ency basis by the partners and are subject to tax un- in the common shares (and other qualifying shares
der the tax regime applicable to the relevant partner or units in undertakings for collective investment
(i.e., as if they were directly paid to each partner). investing mainly in qualifying shares) represent no
No Italian tax is withheld at source on dividends more than 10 percent of the gross asset value of the
paid to Italian resident companies and other Italian social security entity of the previous year.
resident business entities as referred to in Article According to Article 1(44 - 46) of Finance Act
73(1)(a)-(b) CITA, including, among others, corpora- 2021, 50 percent of the dividends paid to non-busi-
tions (“società per azioni”), partnerships limited by ness entities referred to in Article 73(1)(c) CITA will
shares (“società in accomandita per azioni”), limited be excluded from their IRES taxable base provided
liability companies (“società a responsabilità lim- that they: (i) exclusively or mainly carry out any of the
itata”) and public and private entities whose sole qualifying non-profit activities listed in Article 1(45)
or primary purpose is to carry out business activi- of Finance Act 2021 and (ii) earmark the related tax
ties. The dividends are included in full in the overall savings to a non-distributable reserve and use these
business income subject to IRES; however, only 5 resources to finance these non-profit activities.
percent of the dividends are included in the holders’ (vi) Persons exempt from IRES and persons out-
overall business income taxable in Italy if the holders side the scope of IRES
own a direct shareholding that either represents at Dividends paid to Italian resident persons that
least 5 percent of Ferrari’s share capital or has a tax are exempt from IRES are generally subject to 26
basis no lower than € 500,000. In computing the 5 percent tax withheld at source.
percent threshold, shareholdings owned within the No Italian tax is instead withheld at source on div-
same group (i.e., persons that are related pursuant idends paid to persons that are outside the scope of
to Article 2359(1), no. 1), and (2) of the Italian Civil IRES (“esclusi”) under Article 74(1) CITA.
Code) are taken into account, subject to the dilution
effect of the corporate chain. If the common shares (vii)
in Ferrari are financial assets held for trading by Pension funds and OICR
holders that apply IAS / IFRS Accounting Standards (other than Real Estate AIF)
under Regulation No. 1606/2002 of the European
Parliament and Council of July 19, 2002, the full No Italian tax is withheld at source on dividends paid
amount of the dividends is included in the holder’s to (a) Italian pension funds governed by Legislative
overall business income subject to IRES. IRES is cur- Decree No. 252 of December 5, 2005 (“Decree 252”)
rently levied at 24 percent, but a higher rate may and (b) Italian OICR, other than real estate investment
apply for companies operating in specific sectors funds and Italian real estate SICAFs (real estate alter-
(chief among them is the 27.5 percent IRES rate for native investment funds, “Real Estate AIF”).
banks and other regulated financial intermediaries) Dividends received by Italian pension funds are
or meeting certain conditions. taken into account to compute the pension fund’s
For some types of companies and under certain net annual accrued yield, which is subject to a 20
conditions, dividends are also partially included in percent flat tax (imposta sostitutiva). Subject to cer-
the net value of production, which is subject to the tain conditions (including minimum holding period
regional tax on productive activities (“IRAP”). requirement) and limitations, dividends and other
income from the common shares may be excluded
(v) from the taxable base of the 20 percent flat tax if the
Non-business entities referred to in Article pension fund earmarks the common shares as eli-
73(1)(c) CITA gible investment under Article 1(89)-(92) of Finance
Act 2017 (as subsequently amended) to the extent,
No Italian tax is withheld at source on dividends paid however, that investment in the common shares
to Italian resident non-business entities referred (and other qualifying shares or units in undertak-
to in Article 73(1)(c) CITA (including Italian resident ings for collective investment investing mainly in
trusts that do not carry out a business activity), ex- qualifying shares) represent no more than 10 per-
cept for Italian undertakings for collective invest- cent of the gross asset value of the pension fund of
ment (“OICR”). The dividends are fully included in the previous year.
481
Dividends received by OICR that are set up in, and or- Real Estate AIF representing more than 5 percent of
ganized under the laws of, Italy and that are subject the Real Estate AIF’s net asset value.
to regulatory supervision (other than Real Estate AIF)
are not subject to taxation at the level of the OICR. (B) NON-ITALIAN RESIDENT PERSONS
(viii) (i)
Real Estate AIF Non-resident persons holding the common
shares in Ferrari through a permanent estab-
No Italian tax is withheld at source on dividends paid lishment in Italy
to Italian Real Estate AIF. Moreover, dividends are
not subject to either IRES or IRAP at the level of the No Italian tax is withheld at source on dividends
Real Estate AIF. However, income realized by Italian paid to non-resident persons that hold the common
Real Estate AIF is attributed pro rata to Italian resi- shares in Ferrari through a permanent establish-
dent unitholders / shareholders, irrespective of any ment in Italy to which the common shares in Ferrari
actual distribution, on a tax transparency basis if the are effectively connected. The dividends are includ-
Italian resident unitholders / shareholders are not ed in full in the overall business income subject to
institutional investors and hold units / shares in the IRES; however, only 5 percent of the dividends are
included in the holders’ overall business income apply for companies operating in specific sectors
taxable in Italy if the holders own a direct share- (chief among them is the 27.5 percent IRES rate for
holding that either represents at least 5 percent of banks and other regulated financial intermediar-
Ferrari’s share capital or has a tax basis no lower ies) or meeting certain conditions. If the common
than € 500,000. In computing the 5 percent thresh- shares are held by a non-resident Sole Proprietor
old, shareholdings owned within the same group through a permanent establishment in Italy to which
(i.e., persons that are related pursuant to Article the common shares are effectively connected, the
2359(1), no. 1), and (2) of the Italian Civil Code) are tak- dividends are included in full in the overall business
en into account, subject to the dilution effect of the income taxable in Italy; however, only 58.14 percent
corporate chain. If the common shares in Ferrari of the dividends are included in the holder’s overall
are financial assets held for trading by holders that income subject to personal income tax if the holder
apply IAS Accounting Standards / IFRS Accounting owns a direct shareholding that either represents
Standards under Regulation No. 1606/2002 of the at least 5 percent of Ferrari’s share capital or has a
European Parliament and the Council of July 19, tax basis no lower than € 500,000. In computing the
2002, the full amount of the dividends is included in 5 percent threshold, shareholdings owned within
the overall business income subject to IRES. IRES is the same group (i.e., persons that are related pursu-
currently levied at 24 percent, but a higher rate may ant to Article 2359(1), no. 1), and (2) of the Italian Civil
482
Code) are taken into account, subject to the dilution have a permanent establishment in Italy to which the
effect of the corporate chain. common shares in Ferrari are effectively connected.
For some types of businesses and under certain Subject to a specific application that must be
conditions, dividends are also partially included in submitted to the Italian tax authorities under the
the net value of production, which is subject to IRAP. terms and conditions provided by law, non-res-
If dividends are paid with respect to common ident holders are entitled to relief (in the form of a
shares in Ferrari that are not connected with a per- refund), which cannot be greater than 11/26 (eleven
manent establishment in Italy of a non-resident per- twenty-sixths) of the tax levied in Italy, if they can
son, please see subparagraph (B)(ii) below. demonstrate that they have paid final tax abroad on
the same profits. Holders who may be eligible for the
(ii) relief should consult with their own independent tax
Non-resident persons that do not hold the advisors to determine whether they are eligible for,
common shares in Ferrari through a perma- and how to obtain, the tax refund.
nent establishment in Italy As an alternative to the relief described above,
persons resident in countries that have a double
A 26 percent tax withheld at source generally applies tax treaty in force with Italy may request that the
on dividends paid to non-resident persons that do not tax withheld at source on dividends be levied at
the (reduced) rate provided under the applicable related pursuant to Article 2359(1), no. 1), and (2) of
tax treaty, provided that the non-resident person the Italian Civil Code) are taken into account, subject
promptly submits proper documentation (including to the dilution effect of the corporate chain. These
tax resident certificates released or stamped by the companies and entities are not entitled to the 11/26
foreign tax authority). relief described above.
The domestic withholding tax rate on dividends is The domestic withholding tax rate on dividends is
1.2 percent (and not 26 percent) if the recipients and 11 percent (and not 26 percent) if the recipients and
beneficial owners of the dividends on Ferrari com- beneficial owners of the dividends on Ferrari com-
mon shares are companies or entities that are (a) mon shares are pension funds that are set up in an
resident for tax purposes in an EU Member State or EU Member States or an EEA State included in the
in an EEA State that is included in the Italian White List Italian White List. These pension funds are not enti-
and (b) subject to corporate income tax in such State, tled to the 11/26 relief described above. Moreover,
and if the recipients own a direct shareholding that Article 1(95) of Finance Act 2017 provides for an
either represents at least 5 percent of Ferrari’s share exemption from withholding taxation on dividends
capital or has a tax basis no lower than € 500,000. In if a pension fund set up in an EU Member State or
computing the 5 percent threshold, shareholdings an EEA State holds shares in an Italian resident cor-
owned within the same group (i.e., persons that are poration (such as Ferrari) for at least 5 years and
483
only to the extent of dividends from investments above also applies to dividends paid to a company
in qualifying shares (or units in undertakings for that (a) is resident for tax purposes in Switzerland
collective investment investing mainly in qualifying without being considered to be resident outside
shares) that represent no more than 10 percent of Switzerland according to a double tax treaty signed
the gross asset value of the pension fund of the pre- with a non-EU country, (b) is a limited company, (c) is
vious year. To benefit from this exemption, the EU subject to Swiss corporate tax without being ex-
(or “white listed” EEA) pension fund that is the bene- empted or benefiting from preferential tax regimes,
ficial owner of the dividends must submit an affida- and (d) directly holds common shares in Ferrari that
vit to the withholding agent whereby it declares that represent an interest in Ferrari’s issued and out-
it meets the conditions for the exemption and that standing capital of no less than 25 percent for an un-
it undertakes to hold the shares for the required interrupted period of at least two years.
holding period. Other documentary obligations ap- Dividends distributed to international entities or
ply to such EU (or “white listed” EEA) pension funds bodies that benefit from exemption from taxation
to benefit from this exemption. in Italy pursuant to international rules or treaties
Under Article 27(3) of Decree 600, no Italian tax entered into force in Italy will not be subject to with-
is withheld at source on dividends paid to (i) foreign holding tax.
undertakings for collective investment that comply
with Directive 2009/65/EC, or (ii) foreign undertak- (iii)
ings for collective investment that do not fall within U.S. holders (without permanent establish-
the scope of Directive 2009/65/EC but whose ment in Italy) of Ferrari common shares and,
asset manager is subject to regulatory supervision if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares
according to Directive 2011/61/EU, provided that in
both case (i) and (ii) the foreign undertaking for col- If Ferrari is considered to be a tax resident of both Italy
lective investment is organized under the laws of an and the Netherlands, in accordance with the domes-
EU Member State or an EEA State that is included in tic tax residency provisions applied by each of these
the White List. jurisdictions, while the double tax treaty between Italy
Under Article 27-bis of Decree 600, which and the Netherlands attributes the tax residency ex-
implemented in Italy the Directive 435/90/EEC of clusively to Italy, Ferrari will be required to apply Italian
July 23, 1990, then recast in EU Directive 2011/96 of dividend withholding tax on dividends distributed to
November 30, 2011 (the “Parent Subsidiary Directive”), U.S. holders of Ferrari common shares and, if appli-
a company is entitled to a full refund of the tax with- cable, Ferrari special voting shares. However, certain
held at source on the dividends if it (a) has one of the U.S. holders of Ferrari common shares and, if applica-
legal forms provided for in the appendix to the Parent ble, Ferrari special voting shares may qualify for full
Subsidiary Directive, (b) is resident for tax purposes or partial relief from the Italian dividend withholding
in an EU Member State without being considered to tax under the Convention between the Government
be resident outside the EU according to a double tax of the United States of America and the Government
treaty signed with a non-EU country, (c) is subject in the of the Italian Republic for the avoidance of double tax-
country of residence to one of the taxes indicated in ation with respect to taxes on income and the preven-
the appendix to the Parent Subsidiary Directive with tion of fraud or fiscal evasion signed in Washington,
no possibility of benefiting from optional or exemption D.C. on August 25, 1999 (the “Italy-U.S. Treaty”). On the
regimes that have no territorial or time limitations, and basis of Article 10 of the Italy-U.S. Treaty, qualifying
(d) directly holds common shares in Ferrari that repre- U.S. individuals are entitled to a reduced Italian divi-
sent an interest in the issued and outstanding capital of dend withholding tax rate (i.e., 15 percent) and quali-
Ferrari of no less than 10 percent for an uninterrupted fying U.S. companies are entitled, under certain con-
period of at least one year. If these conditions are met, ditions, to a reduced Italian dividend withholding tax
and as an alternative to submitting a refund request rate (either 5 percent or 15 percent depending on the
after the dividend distribution, the non-resident com- circumstances). On the basis of Article 10(8) of the
pany may request that no tax be levied at the time the Italy-U.S. Treaty, qualified U.S. governmental entities
dividends are paid, provided that (x) the 1-year hold- are entitled, under certain conditions, to a full exemp-
ing period under condition (d) above has already run tion from Italian dividend withholding tax.
and (y) the non-resident company promptly submits
proper documentation. The withholding exemption TAXATION OF DISTRIBUTIONS OF EQUITY
under Article 27-bis of Decree 600 may be denied by RESERVES
the Italian tax authorities in abusive situations pursuant
to the Italian statutory general anti-abuse rule (Article The tax regime summarized in this subsection
10-bis of Law No. 212 of July 27, 2000). “Taxation of distributions of Equity Reserves” applies
Under the Agreement between the European only to classes of holders of Ferrari common shares
Community and the Swiss Confederation provid- and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares that
ing for measures equivalent to those laid down in are described here below.
Council Directive 2003/48/EC on taxation of savings The information provided in this subsection sum-
income in the form of interest payments, the with- marizes the Italian tax regime applicable to the distri-
holding tax refund / exemption regime described butions by Ferrari - other than in case of reduction of
484
excess capital, withdrawal, exclusion, redemption or treated as profits should be subject to the same tax
liquidation - of equity reserves as referred to under regime described above for dividends. Amounts re-
Article 47(5) CITA, such as, for instance, reserves or ceived as distributions out of Equity Reserves, net
other funds formed with share premiums, equaliz- of any amount already treated as profits as per the
ing interests (interessi di conguaglio) paid in by the above, reduce the holder’s tax basis in the Ferrari
subscribers, equity (other than share capital) contri- common shares correspondingly. Distributions out
butions (versamenti a fondo perduto) or share capi- of Equity Reserves that are in excess of the holders’
tal account payments (versamenti in conto capitale) tax basis in the common shares in Ferrari are treated
made by shareholders and tax-exempt revaluation as capital gains for tax purposes and should be sub-
reserves (the “Equity Reserves”). ject to the same regime described in the subsection
“Taxation of Capital Gains” below.
(A)
ITALIAN RESIDENT PERSONS (iii)
Non-business entities referred to in Article
(i) 73(1)(c) CITA and non-business partnerships
Individuals not engaged in business activity referred to in Article 5 CITA
Regardless of what holders have resolved upon in Amounts received by Italian resident non-business
the shareholders’ meeting, the amounts received as entities referred to in Article 73(1)(c) CITA as distri-
distribution out of Equity Reserves of Ferrari by Italian butions out of Equity Reserves, net of any amount al-
resident individuals who do not hold the Ferrari com- ready treated as profits as per the rules described
mon shares in connection with a business activity are in subparagraph (A)(i) above that apply here as well,
deemed to be, and treated as, profits for the recipi- reduce the holder’s tax basis in the Ferrari common
ents to the extent that Ferrari has current year prof- shares correspondingly. Distributions out of Equity
its or retained profits (except for any portion thereof Reserves that are in excess of the holders’ tax ba-
earmarked to a tax-deferred reserve or non-distrib- sis in the common shares in Ferrari not held in con-
utable reserves). Amounts treated as profits are nection with a business activity are treated as divi-
subject to the same tax regime described above for dends for tax purposes. For a short description of a
dividends. Amounts received as distributions out of favorable regime available to certain social security
Equity Reserves, net of any amount already treated entities, see subparagraph (A)(v) of the subsection
as profits as per the above, reduce the holder’s tax “Taxation of Dividends” above.
basis in Ferrari common shares correspondingly. In case of amounts received by Italian non-busi-
Distributions out of Equity Reserves that are in excess ness partnerships referred to in Article 5 CITA, the
of the holders’ tax basis in the Ferrari common shares tax regime depends on the specific circumstances
are treated as dividends for tax purposes. Special of the case. Shareholders and any potential pro-
rules may apply if the individual holders have elected spective investors that are Italian non-business
with regard to the common shares in Ferrari into the partnerships should consult their own tax advisors
discretionary investment portfolio regime (regime in this respect.
del risparmio gestito) described in subparagraph (A)
(i) of the subsection “Taxation of Capital Gains” below. (iv)
Persons exempt from IRES
(ii)
Sole Proprietors, business partnerships Amounts received by Italian resident persons ex-
(Italian “società in nome collettivo”, “società empt from IRES as distributions out of Equity
in accomandita semplice” and similar Italian Reserves, net of any amount already treated as prof-
partnerships as referred to in Article 5 CITA), its as per the rules described in subparagraph (A)(i)
as well as companies and other business enti- above that apply here as well, reduce the holder’s tax
ties referred to in Article 73(1)(a)-(b) CITA basis in the Ferrari common shares corresponding-
ly. Distributions out of Equity Reserves that are in ex-
Regardless of what holders have resolved upon in the cess of the holders’ tax basis in the common shares
shareholders’ meeting, the amounts received as dis- in Ferrari not held in connection with a business ac-
tribution out of Equity Reserves of Ferrari by Italian tivity are treated as dividends for tax purposes.
Sole Proprietors, Italian business partnerships (Italian
“società in nome collettivo”, “società in accomandita (v)
semplice” and similar Italian partnerships as referred Pension funds and OICR (other than Real
to in Article 5 CITA), and Italian resident companies Estate AIF)
and other business entities referred to in Article
73(1)(a)-(b) CITA are deemed to be, and are treated Amounts received by Italian pension funds gov-
as, profits for the recipients to the extent that Ferrari erned by Article 17 of Decree 252 as distributions
has current year profits or retained profits (except out of Equity Reserves should be taken into account
for any portion thereof earmarked to a tax-deferred to compute the pension fund’s net annual accrued
reserve or non-distributable reserves). Amounts yield, which is subject to a 20 percent flat tax (impos-
485
ta sostitutiva). The value of the common shares in distributions out of Equity Reserves are subject to
Ferrari at the end of the same tax year should also be the same tax regime as applicable to Italian resident
included in the net annual accrued yield. For a short companies and other business entities referred to
description of a favorable regime available to pen- in Article 73(1)(a)-(b) CITA as described in subpara-
sion funds, see subparagraph (A)(vii) of the subsec- graph (A)(ii) above. If the Equity Reserves distribu-
tion “Taxation of Dividends” above. tion relates to common shares in Ferrari that are not
Conversely, any amounts received by OICR that connected to a permanent establishment in Italy of
are set up in, and organized under the laws of, Italy and the non-resident recipient, reference must be made
that are subject to regulatory supervision (other than to subparagraph (B)(i) above.
Real Estate AIF) as distributions out of Equity Reserves
are not subject to taxation at the level of the OICR. TAXATION OF CAPITAL GAINS
(vi) The tax regime summarized in this subsection
Real Estate AIF “Taxation of Capital Gains” applies only to classes of
holders of Ferrari common shares and, if applica-
Amounts received by Italian Real Estate AIF as dis- ble, Ferrari special voting shares that are described
tributions out of Equity Reserves are not subject here below.
to IRES or IRAP at the level of the Real Estate AIF.
However, income realized by Italian Real Estate AIF (A)
is attributed pro rata to the Italian resident unithold- ITALIAN RESIDENT PERSONS
ers / shareholders, irrespective of any actual distri-
bution, on a tax transparency basis if the Italian resi- (i)
dent unitholders / shareholders are not institutional Italian resident individuals not engaged in
investors and hold units / shares in the Real Estate business activity
AIF representing more than 5 percent of the Real
Estate AIF’s net asset value. Capital gains realized by Italian resident individu-
als upon transfer for consideration of the common
(B) shares (as well as of securities or rights whereby
NON-ITALIAN RESIDENT PERSONS common shares may be acquired), other than cap-
ital gains realized in connection with a business
(i) activity, are subject to a 26 percent substitute tax
Non-resident persons that do not hold the (“CGT”). The taxpayer may opt for any of the follow-
common shares in Ferrari through a perma- ing three tax regimes:
nent establishment in Italy
(a) Tax return regime (regime della dichiarazione).
For non-Italian resident persons (whether individu- Under this regime, capital gains and capital losses
als or corporations) without a permanent establish- realized during the tax year must be reported in
ment in Italy to which the common shares in Ferrari the income tax return. CGT is computed on capital
are effectively connected, the amounts received as gains net of capital losses of the same nature and
distributions out of Equity Reserves are subject to the must be paid by the term for paying the balance of
same tax regime as applicable to Italian resident indi- the annual income tax. Capital losses in excess of
viduals not engaged in business activity described in capital gains may be carried forward and offset
paragraph A(i) of this subsection “Taxation of distri- against capital gains realized in any of the four fol-
butions of Equity Reserves”. Therefore, the amounts lowing tax years. This regime is the default regime
received as distributions out of Equity Reserves, net if the taxpayer does not elect into any of the two
of any amount that has already been treated as prof- alternative regimes described in (b) and (c) below.
its as per the rules described in subparagraph (A) (b) Non-discretionary investment portfolio regime
(i) above, reduce the holder’s tax basis in the Ferrari (risparmio amministrato) (optional). Under this re-
common shares correspondingly. Distributions out gime, CGT is applied separately on capital gains
of Equity Reserves that are in excess of the holders’ realized on each transfer of common shares in
tax basis in the common shares in Ferrari are treat- Ferrari. This regime is allowed subject to (x) the
ed as dividends for tax purposes. Ferrari common shares being managed or in cus-
tody with Italian banks, broker-dealers (società di
(ii) intermediazione mobiliare) or certain authorized
Non-resident persons holding the common financial intermediaries, and (y) an express elec-
shares in Ferrari through a permanent estab- tion for the non-discretionary investment portfo-
lishment in Italy lio regime being made in writing in due time by the
relevant holder. Under this regime, the financial in-
For non-Italian resident persons that hold the com- termediary is responsible for accounting for and
mon shares in Ferrari through a permanent estab- paying (on behalf of the taxpayer) CGT in respect
lishment in Italy to which the Ferrari common shares of capital gains realized on each transfer of the
are effectively connected, the amounts received as common shares in Ferrari (as well as in respect of
486
capital gains realized at revocation of the interme- to business partnerships). Capital losses realized on
diary’s mandate), net of any relevant capital loss- common shares in Ferrari that meet the conditions
es. Capital losses may be carried forward and off- under a., b. and c. of subparagraph (A)(iii) below are
set against capital gains realized within the same only partially deductible (similarly to what is provided
relationship of deposit in the same tax year or in for the taxation of capital gains).
the following tax years up to the fourth. Under this For the purpose of determining capital gains and
regime, the holder is not required to report capi- capital losses, the holder’s tax basis in the Ferrari
tal gains in the annual income tax return. common shares is reduced by any write-down that
(c) Discretionary investment portfolio regime (ris- the holder has deducted in previous tax years.
parmio gestito) (optional). This regime is allowed
for holders who have entrusted the manage- (iii)
ment of their financial assets, including the Companies and other business entities
Ferrari common shares, to an authorized inter- referred to in Article 73(1)(a)-(b) CITA
mediary and have elected in writing into this re-
gime. Under this regime, capital gains accrued Capital gains realized by Italian resident companies
on the Ferrari common shares are included in and other business entities as referred to in Article
the computation of the annual increase in value 73(1)(a)-(b) CITA (including partnerships limited by
of the managed assets accrued (even if not re- shares and public and private entities whose sole
alized) at year end, which is subject to CGT. The or primary purpose is carrying out business activi-
managing authorized intermediary applies the ty) upon transfer for consideration of the common
tax on behalf of the taxpayer. Any decrease in shares in Ferrari must be fully included in the over-
value of the managed assets accrued at year end all taxable business income subject to IRES in the tax
may be carried forward and offset against any year in which the capital gains are realized.
increase in value of the managed assets accrued However, under Article 87 CITA (participation
in any of the four following tax years. Under this exemption), capital gains realized upon transfer of
regime, the holder is not required to report capi- common shares in Ferrari are 95 percent exempt if
tal gains in the annual income tax return. the following requirements are met:
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum (a) The common shares in Ferrari have been unin-
holding period requirement) and limitations, capital terruptedly held as of the first day of the twelfth
gains on the common shares in Ferrari may be ex- month prior to the transfer, treating the Ferrari
empt from any income taxation (including from the common shares acquired on the most recent
26 percent CGT) if the common shares in Ferrari do date as being transferred first (on a “last in first
not represent a Qualified Holding and are included out” basis);
in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio (b) The common shares in Ferrari have been booked
a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements set as non-current financial assets in the first finan-
forth under Italian tax law. cial statements closed during the holding period.
In case of holders that draft their financial state-
(ii) ments according to IAS Accounting Standards /
Sole Proprietors and business partnerships IFRS Accounting Standards, the common shares
(Italian “società in nome collettivo”, “società in Ferrari are deemed as non-current financial
in accomandita semplice” and similar Italian assets if they are not accounted as financial as-
partnerships as referred to in Article 5 CITA) sets held for trading, and
(c) The common shares in Ferrari either repre-
Capital gains realized by Italian Sole Proprietors and sent at least 5 percent of Ferrari’s share capi-
Italian business partnerships (Italian “società in nome tal or have an overall tax basis no lower than €
collettivo”, “società in accomandita semplice” and 500,000. In computing the 5 percent threshold,
similar Italian partnerships as referred to in Article 5 shareholdings owned within the same group
CITA) upon transfer for consideration of the common (i.e., persons that are related pursuant to Article
shares in Ferrari must be fully included in the overall 2359(1), no. 1), and (2) of the Italian Civil Code) are
business income and reported in the annual income taken into account, subject to the dilution effect
tax return. Capital losses (or other negative items of of the corporate chain.
income) derived by this class of holders upon trans-
fer for consideration of the common shares in Ferrari The Italian law lays down certain additional condi-
would be fully deductible from the holder’s income. tions for the exemption to be available. Based on the
However, if the conditions under a., b. and c. of assumption that Ferrari is a holding company, that
subparagraph (A)(iii) below are met, only 49.72 per- its shares are listed on a regulated market, and that
cent (58.14 percent in case of Sole Proprietors) of pursuant to Article 87(5) CITA its assets are predom-
the capital gain should be included in the overall busi- inantly composed of shareholdings in companies
ness income (based on a different interpretation, a which satisfy the additional conditions set forth by
58.14 percent inclusion of the capital gains that meet Article 87 CITA in order to enjoy the participation ex-
the abovementioned conditions should apply also emption regime (i.e., the companies are not resident
487
in a State with a preferential tax system pursuant to dent individuals who do not hold the Ferrari common
Article 47-bis CITA and carry on a business activity), shares in connection with a business activity. For a
these additional conditions should be met. short description of a favorable regime available to
The transfer of shares booked as fixed financial certain social security entities (see subparagraph (A)
assets and shares booked as inventory must be con- (v) of the subsection “Taxation of Dividends” above).
sidered separately with reference to each class. If
the requirements under a., b. and c. above are met, (v)
any capital loss realized on the common shares in Pension funds and OICR (other than Real
Ferrari cannot be deducted. Estate AIF)
For the purpose of determining capital gains and
capital losses, the holder’s tax basis in the Ferrari Capital gains on common shares in Ferrari held by
common shares is reduced by any write-down that Italian pension funds governed by Decree 252 must
the holder has deducted in previous tax years. be taken into account to compute the pension fund’s
Capital losses (as well as negative differences net annual accrued yield, which is subject to a 20
between revenues and costs) relating to shares that percent flat tax (imposta sostitutiva). For a short de-
do not meet the participation exemption requirements scription of a favorable regime available to pension
are not relevant (and cannot be deducted) to the extent funds, see subparagraph (A)(vii) of the subsection
of the non-taxable amount of dividends (or advance “Taxation of Dividends” above.
dividend) received by the holder in the 36 (thirty-six) Capital gains on common shares in Ferrari held
months prior to the transfer (dividend washing rule). by OICRs that are set up in, and organized under the
This anti-avoidance rule applies to shares acquired in laws of, Italy and that are subject to regulatory super-
the 36-month period preceding the realization of the vision (other than Real Estate AIF) are not subject to
capital loss (or the negative difference), provided that tax at the level of the OICR.
requirements under Article 87(1)(c)-(d) CITA (i.e., the
company is not resident in a State with a preferential (vi)
tax system pursuant to Article 47-bis CITA and carries Real Estate AIF
on a business activity) are met. The anti-avoidance
rule does not apply to holders that draft their financial Capital gains on common shares in Ferrari held by
statements according to IAS Accounting Standards Italian Real Estate AIF are not subject to IRES or IRAP
/ IFRS Accounting Standards under Regulation (EC) at the level of the Real Estate AIF.
No. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and the
Council of July 19, 2002. When the amount of the afore- (B)
said capital losses (and negative differences) deriving NON-ITALIAN RESIDENT PERSONS
from a transaction (or a series of transactions) on
shares traded on regulated markets is greater than (i)
€50,000.00, the taxpayer must, under certain circum- Non-resident persons holding the common
stances report the data and the information regarding shares in Ferrari through a permanent estab-
the transaction to the Italian tax authorities. lishment in Italy
Moreover, in case of capital losses greater than
€5,000,000.00 deriving from the transfer (or a If non-Italian resident persons hold the common
series of transfers) of shares booked as non-current shares in Ferrari through a permanent establish-
financial assets, the holder must report the data and ment in Italy to which the common shares in Ferrari
the information to the Italian tax authorities. Holders are effectively connected, capital gains realized upon
that draft their financial statements according to IAS disposal of the common shares in Ferrari must be in-
Accounting Standards / IFRS Accounting Standards cluded in the permanent establishment’s income tax-
are under no such obligation. able in Italy according to the tax regime as provided
For some types of companies and under cer- for the capital gains realized by Italian resident com-
tain conditions, capital gains on common shares in panies and other business entities as referred to in
Ferrari are also included in the net value of produc- Article 73(1)(a)-(b) CITA, which is summarized under
tion that is subject to IRAP. subparagraph (A)(iii) above. If the common shares in
Ferrari are not connected to a permanent establish-
(iv) ment in Italy of the non-resident person, reference
Non-business entities referred to in Article must be made to subparagraph (B)(ii) below.
73(1)(c) CITA and non-business partnerships If the common shares are held by a non-resident
(società semplici) referred to in Article 5 CITA Sole Proprietor through a permanent establishment
in Italy to which the common shares are effectively
Capital gains realized, outside the scope of a business connected, capital gains realized upon disposal of
activity, by Italian resident non-business entities re- the common shares must be included in the perma-
ferred to in Article 73(1)(c) CITA (other than OICR) and nent establishment’s income taxable in Italy accord-
Italian non-business partnerships as referred to in ing to the tax regime as provided for the capital gains
Article 5 CITA are subject to tax under the same rules realized by Italian Sole Proprietors, which is summa-
as provided for capital gains realized by Italian resi- rized under subparagraph (A)(ii) above.
488
(ii) SPECIAL VOTING SHARES
Non-resident persons that do not hold the
common shares in Ferrari through a perma- No statutory, judicial or administrative authority
nent establishment in Italy directly discusses how the receipt, ownership or
disposal of special voting shares should be treated
NON-QUALIFIED HOLDINGS. Based on the fact that for Italian income tax purposes and as a result, the
Ferrari common shares are listed on a regulated Italian tax consequences are uncertain. Accordingly,
market, no tax applies in Italy on capital gains realized we urge Ferrari shareholders to consult their tax
by non-Italian resident holders without a permanent advisors as to the tax consequences of the receipt,
establishment in Italy upon transfer for consider- ownership and disposal of special voting shares.
ation of common shares in Ferrari that do not qualify
as Transfers of Qualified Holdings, even if the Ferrari RECEIPT OF SPECIAL VOTING SHARES
common shares are held in Italy and regardless of
the provisions set forth in any applicable double tax A shareholder that receives special voting shares
treaty. In such case, in order to benefit from this ex- issued by Ferrari should in principle not recog-
emption, non-Italian resident holders who hold the nize any taxable income upon the receipt of spe-
Ferrari common shares with an Italian authorized cial voting shares. Under a possible interpretation,
financial intermediary and either are subject to the the issue of special voting shares can be treated
nondiscretionary investment portfolio regime or as the issue of bonus shares free of charge to the
have elected for the discretionary investment port- shareholders out of existing available reserves of
folio regime may be required to timely submit to the Ferrari. Such issue should not have any material
Italian authorized financial intermediary an affidavit effect on the allocation of the tax basis of a share-
whereby they state that they are not resident in Italy holder between its Ferrari common shares and its
for tax purposes. Ferrari special voting shares. Because the special
QUALIFIED HOLDINGS. Capital gains realized by voting shares are not transferable and their limited
non-Italian resident holders without a permanent economic rights can be enjoyed only at the time of
establishment in Italy upon Transfers of Qualified the liquidation of Ferrari, we believe and intend to
Holdings are subject to tax under the rules as pro- take the position that the fair market value of each
vided for capital gains realized by Italian resident indi- special voting share is minimal. However, because
viduals who do not hold the Ferrari common shares the determination of the fair market value of the
in connection with a business activity. However, special voting shares is not governed by any guid-
ance that directly addresses such a situation and
(a) under Article 1(633) of Finance Act 2021, no tax is unclear, the Italian tax authorities could assert
applies in Italy on capital gains realized by (i) for- that the value of the special voting shares as deter-
eign undertakings for collective investment that mined by us is incorrect.
comply with Directive 2009/65/EC, or (ii) foreign
undertakings for collective investment that do OWNERSHIP OF SPECIAL VOTING SHARES
not fall within the scope of Directive 2009/65/
EC but whose asset manager is subject to reg- Shareholders of special voting shares should not
ulatory supervision according to Directive have to recognize income in respect of any amount
2011/61/EU, provided that in both case (i) and transferred to the special voting shares dividend re-
(ii) the foreign undertaking for collective in- serve, but not paid out as dividends, in respect of the
vestment is organized under the laws of an EU special voting shares.
Member State or an EEA State that is included in
the White List. In any case, the provisions of dou- DISPOSITION OF SPECIAL VOTING SHARES
ble tax treaties entered into by Italy may apply if
more favorable; The tax treatment of a Ferrari shareholder that has
(b) under Article 68(2-bis) CITA, capital gains real- its special voting shares redeemed for no consid-
ized on the common shares in Ferrari by com- eration after removing its shares from the Loyalty
panies or entities that are resident for tax pur- Register is unclear. It is possible that a shareholder
poses in an EU Member State or in an EEA State should recognize a loss to the extent of the share-
that is included in the Italian White List are 95 holder’s tax basis (if any). The deductibility of such
percent exempt provided that the conditions loss depends on individual circumstances and con-
under a. and b. of subparagraph (A)(iii) above are ditions generally required by Italian law. It is also
met whereas capital losses can be used to offset possible that a Ferrari shareholder would not be
5 percent of the capital gains realized in any of allowed to recognize a loss upon the redemption
the four following tax years to the extent that the of its special voting shares and instead should in-
capital loss is reported in the tax return of the crease its basis in its Ferrari common shares by an
year in which is realized. amount equal to the tax basis (if any) in its special
voting shares.
489
TRANSFER TAX (ii) by reason of death or gift by non-Italian resident
persons, but limited to transferred assets held in
Contracts or other legal instruments relating to the Italy. Shares in corporations that are resident in Italy
transfer of securities (including the transfer of the for tax purposes (because they have their corporate
Ferrari common shares) are subject to registration address or their place of effective management or
tax as follows: (i) notary deeds (atti pubblici) and pri- their main business purpose in Italy for the greater
vate deeds with notarized signatures (scritture pri- part of the tax year) are deemed to be held in Italy.
vate authenticate) executed in Italy must mandato- Subject to certain exceptions, transfers of assets
rily be registered with the Italian tax authorities and and rights (including the common shares and the
are subject to €200.00 registration tax, and (ii) pri- special voting shares in Ferrari) on death or by gift
vate deeds (scritture private) are subject to €200.00 are generally subject to inheritance and gift tax as
registration tax only if they are voluntary filed for follows:
registration with the Italian tax authorities or if the
so-called “caso d’uso” or “enunciazione” occurs. 1. At a rate of 4 percent in case of transfers made
to the spouse or relatives in direct line, on the
FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX portion of the global net value of the transferred
assets, if any, exceeding, for each beneficiary,
€1,000,000.00.
TRANSFER OF OWNERSHIP OF THE SHARES 2. At a rate of 6 percent in case of transfers made
to relatives up to the fourth degree or rela-
Article 1(491-500) of Law No. 228 of December 24, tives-in-law up to the third degree on the entire
2012 introduced a financial transaction tax (“FTT”) value of the transferred assets (in the case of
applicable, among others, to the transfers of the transfers to brothers or sisters, the six percent
ownership of (i) shares issued by Italian resident rate is applicable only on the portion of the glob-
corporations, (ii) participating financial instruments al net value of the transferred assets, if any, ex-
(as defined under Article 2346(6) of the Italian Civil ceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000.00).
Code) issued by Italian resident corporations, and 3. At a rate of 8 percent in any other case.
(iii) securities representing equity investments in
Italian resident corporations such as American For Italian inheritance and gift tax purposes, more
Depositary Receipts and Global Depositary Receipts, favorable rules or exemptions apply to transfers
regardless of the place of residence of the issuer of or other arrangements (including segregation in a
such securities and of the place where the contract trust) that involve persons with severe disabilities as
has been concluded. beneficiaries.
The residence of the issuer for the purposes of No inheritance tax applies if the common shares
FTT is the place where the issuer has its registered in Ferrari are included in a long-term savings account
office (intended as its corporate seat). (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the
Since the corporate seat of Ferrari is not in Italy, requirements set forth by the Italian tax law.
transfers of ownership of the shares in Ferrari will
not be subject to FTT. STAMP DUTY
HIGH-FREQUENCY TRADING Under Article 13(2bis-2ter) of Decree No. 642 of
October 26, 1972, a 0.20 percent stamp duty general-
Transactions carried out on the Italian financial mar- ly applies on communications and reports that Italian
kets and concerning the Ferrari shares may in lim- financial intermediaries periodically send to their cli-
ited circumstances be subject to a tax on high-fre- ents in relation to the financial products that are de-
quency trading. Potential prospective investors posited with such intermediaries. Shares are includ-
engaged in high-frequency trading should there- ed in the definition of financial products for these
fore consult their own tax advisors regarding the purposes. Communications and reports are deemed
Italian tax consequences of high-frequency trading to be sent at least once a year even if the Italian finan-
on the Ferrari shares. cial intermediary is under no obligation to either draft
or send such communications and reports.
TRANSFER OF THE FERRARI SHARES UPON The stamp duty cannot exceed €14,000.00 per
DEATH OR BY GIFT year for investors other than individuals.
Based on the wording of the law and the imple-
Subject to certain exceptions, Italian inheritance menting decree issued by the Italian Ministry of
and gift tax is generally payable on transfers of as- Finance on May 24, 2012, the 0.20 percent stamp duty
sets and rights (including the common shares and does not apply to communications and reports that
the special voting shares in Ferrari) (i) by reason of the Italian financial intermediaries send to investors
death or gift by Italian resident persons (or other who do not qualify as “clients” according to the reg-
transfers for no consideration and the creation of ulations issued by the Bank of Italy. Communications
liens on such assets for a specific purpose), even and reports sent to this type of investors are subject
if the transferred assets are held outside Italy, and to the ordinary €2.00 stamp duty for each copy.
491
The taxable base of the stamp duty is the market val- INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S
ue or - in the lack thereof - the nominal value or the REPORT
redemption amount of any financial product.
WEALTH TAX ON FINANCIAL PRODUCTS To the shareholders and the
HELD ABROAD Audit Committee of Ferrari N.V.
Under Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of December 6,
2011, individuals, non-business entities and non-busi- REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL
ness partnerships resident for tax purposes in Italy, STATEMENTS 2025 INCLUDED IN THE
which hold certain financial products outside of ANNUAL REPORT
Italian territory (including shares) are required to
pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.20 percent (the rate
is 0.40 percent if the financial products are held in OUR OPINION
one of the States or territories included in the Italian
Ministerial Decree May 4, 1999). We have audited the financial statements 2025 of
The wealth tax applies on the market value at the Ferrari N.V., based in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
end of the relevant year or - in the lack thereof - on In our opinion, the accompanying financial state-
the nominal value or the redemption value of such ments give a true and fair view of the financial posi-
financial products held outside of Italian territory. tion of Ferrari N.V. as at 31 December 2025, and of
The wealth tax cannot exceed €14,000 per year for its result and its cash flows for 2025 in accordance
investors other than individuals. with International Financial Reporting Standards as
Taxpayers may deduct from the Italian wealth tax adopted by the European Union (EU-IFRS) and with
a tax credit equal to any wealth tax paid in the coun- Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.
try where the financial products are held (up to the The financial statements comprise:
amount of the Italian wealth tax due).
1. The consolidated and company statement of fi-
CERTAIN REPORTING OBLIGATIONS FOR nancial position as at 31 December 2025.
ITALIAN RESIDENT HOLDERS 2. The following statements for 2025: the consolidat-
ed and company income statement, the consoli-
Under Law Decree No. 167 of June 28, 1990, individ- dated and company statements of comprehen-
uals, non-business entities and non-business part- sive income, changes in equity and cash flows.
nerships that are resident in Italy for tax purpos- 3. The notes comprising material accounting policy
es and, during the fiscal year, hold financial assets information and other explanatory information.
abroad (including possibly the common shares and
the special voting shares in Ferrari) must, in certain BASIS FOR OUR OPINION
circumstances, disclose these financial assets to
the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return We conducted our audit in accordance with Dutch
(or if the income tax return is not due, in a proper law, including the Dutch Standards on Auditing. Our
form that must be filed within the same term as pre- responsibilities under those standards are further
scribed for the annual income tax return), regard- described in the 'Our responsibilities for the audit of
less of the value of such assets (save for deposits the financial statements' section of our report.
or bank accounts having an aggregate value not We are independent of Ferrari N.V. in accor-
exceeding €15,000.00 throughout the year). The re- dance with the EU Regulation on specific require-
quirement applies also if the persons above, being ments regarding statutory audit of public-interest
not the direct holder of the financial assets, are the entities, the Wet toezicht accountantsorganisaties
beneficial owners thereof for the purposes of an- (Wta, Audit firms supervision act), the Verordening
ti-money laundering legislation. inzake de onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij
No disclosure requirements exist for financial assurance-opdrachten (ViO, Code of Ethics for
assets (including the common shares and the spe- Professional Accountants, a regulation with respect
cial voting shares in Ferrari) under management or to independence) and other relevant independence
administration entrusted to Italian resident interme- regulations in the Netherlands. Furthermore, we
diaries (Italian banks, broker-dealers (SIM), fiduciary have complied with the Verordening gedrags- en
companies or other professional intermediaries as beroepsregels accountants (VGBA, Dutch Code of
indicated under Article 1 of Law Decree No. 167 of Ethics for Professional Accountants).
June 28, 1990) and for contracts concluded through We believe the audit evidence we have obtained
their intervention, provided that the cash flows and is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
the income derived from such assets and contracts our opinion.
have been subjected to Italian withholding tax or sub-
stitute tax by such intermediaries.
492
INFORMATION IN SUPPORT OF OUR OPINION sufficient and appropriate audit evidence about the
group's financial information to provide an opinion
We designed our audit procedures in the context of on the financial statements.
our audit of the financial statements as a whole and
in forming our opinion thereon. The following infor- AUDIT APPROACH FRAUD RISKS
mation in support of our opinion was addressed in
this context, and we do not provide a separate opin- We identified and assessed the risks of material mis-
ion or conclusion on these matters. statements of the financial statements due to fraud.
During our audit we obtained an understanding of
MATERIALITY the entity and its environment and the components
of the system of internal control, including the risk
Based on our professional judgment we determined assessment process and management's process
the materiality for the financial statements as a for responding to the risks of fraud and monitor-
whole at EUR 103 million. ing the system of internal control and how those
The materiality is based on Profit Before Tax. We charged with governance exercise oversight, as
have also taken into account misstatements and/or well as the outcomes.
possible misstatements that in our opinion are mate- We evaluated the design and relevant aspects of
rial for the users of the financial statements for qual- the system of internal control and in particular the
itative reasons. fraud risk assessment, as well as among others the
We agreed with the audit committee that mis- code of conduct, whistle blower procedures and
statements in excess of EUR 5.15 million, which are incident registration. We evaluated the design and
identified during the audit, would be reported to the implementation and, where considered appro-
them, as well as smaller misstatements that in our priate, tested the operating effectiveness, of internal
view must be reported on qualitative grounds. controls designed to mitigate fraud risks.
As part of our process of identifying fraud risks,
SCOPE OF THE GROUP AUDIT we evaluated fraud risk factors with respect to finan-
cial reporting fraud, misappropriation of assets and
Ferrari N.V. is at the head of a group of components. bribery and corruption in close co-operation with
The financial information of this group is included in our forensic specialists. We evaluated whether these
the financial statements of Ferrari N.V. factors indicate that a risk of material misstatement
Based on our risk assessment, we determined due to fraud is present.
the nature, timing and extent of audit procedures Following these procedures, and the presumed
to be performed, including determining the compo- risks under the prevailing auditing standards, we
nents at which to perform audit procedures. considered the fraud risk in relation to management
Our group audit mainly focused on significant override of controls, which may represent a risk of
group entities. Our assessment of entities that are material misstatement due to fraud. Our audit pro-
significant to the group was done as part of our audit cedures addressing this fraud risk included, among
planning and was aimed to obtain sufficient coverage others, detailed testing of journal entries and top-
of the risks of a material misstatement for the signif- side adjustments, supported by comprehensive
icant account balances, classes of transactions and documentation. We employed data analytics to select
disclosures that we have identified. In addition, we journal entries based on risk-based characteristics,
considered qualitative factors as part of our assess- aimed at addressing the identified fraud risk.
ment. For the selected component audit teams, the Additionally we performed, amongst others the
group audit team provided detailed written instruc- following procedures:
tions, which, in addition to communicating our
requirements of component audit teams, also detailed We incorporated elements of unpredictability
significant audit areas, including awareness for risks in our audit. We also considered the outcome
related to management override of controls and rev- of our other audit procedures and evaluated
enue recognition. Furthermore, we developed a plan whether any findings were indicative of fraud or
for overseeing component audit teams based on its non-compliance.
relative significance and specific risk characteristics. We considered available information and made
Our oversight procedures included a combination of enquiries of relevant personal, including (non-
live and virtual meetings with the component auditor, ) executive directors, lower management, ac-
including working paper reviews. We also reviewed counting personnel, general counsel, director of
component audit team deliverables to gain a suffi- internal audit, compliance and corporate affairs
cient understanding of the work performed based on officer and others.
our instructions. The nature, timing and extent of our We tested the appropriateness of journal entries
oversight procedures varied based on both quantita- recorded in the general ledger and other adjust-
tive and qualitative considerations. ments made in the preparation of the financial
By performing the procedures mentioned statements.
above at components, together with additional pro- We evaluated whether the selection and applica-
cedures at group level, we have been able to obtain tion of accounting policies by the entity, particu-
493
larly those related to subjective measurements Our procedures are more limited with respect to
and complex transactions, may be indicative of these laws and regulations that do not have a direct
fraudulent financial reporting. effect on the determination of the amounts and dis-
We evaluated whether the judgments and de- closures in the financial statements. Compliance
cisions made by management in making the with these laws and regulations may be funda-
accounting estimates included in the financial mental to the operating aspects of the business,
statements indicate a possible bias that may to the entity's ability to continue its business, or to
represent a risk of material misstatement due avoid material penalties (e.g., compliance with the
to fraud. Management insights, estimates and terms of operating licenses and permits or com-
assumptions that might have a major impact on pliance with environmental regulations) and there-
the financial statements are disclosed in note fore non-compliance with such laws and regula-
Material Accounting policies – Use of estimates tions may have a material effect on the financial
and judgments of the financial statements. We statements. Our responsibility is limited to under-
performed a retrospective review of manage- taking specified audit procedures to help identify
ment judgments and assumptions related to sig- non-compliance with those laws and regulations
nificant accounting estimates reflected in prior that may have a material effect on the financial
year financial statements. statements. Our procedures are limited to (i) inquiry
For significant transactions during the year, we of management, those charged with governance,
evaluated whether the business rationale of the the executive board and others within the entity
transactions suggests that they may have been as to whether the entity is in compliance with such
entered into to engage in fraudulent financial re- laws and regulations and (ii) inspecting correspon-
porting or to conceal misappropriation of assets. dence, if any, with the relevant licensing or regulato-
We have involved forensic specialists, who as- ry authorities to help identify non-compliance with
sisted us in the procedures explained above. those laws and regulations that may have a material
effect on the financial statements.
This did not lead to indications for fraud potentially Naturally, we remained alert to indications of
resulting in material misstatements. (suspected) non-compliance throughout the audit.
Finally, we obtained written representations
AUDIT APPROACH COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS that all known instances of (suspected) fraud or
AND REGULATIONS non-compliance with laws and regulations have
been disclosed to us.
We assessed the laws and regulations relevant to
the entity through discussion with amongst oth- AUDIT APPROACH GOING CONCERN
ers, management, group legal counsel, and those
charged with governance, and through reading Our responsibilities, as well as the responsibili-
minutes and reports of internal audit. ties of the board of directors related to going con-
We involved our forensic specialists in this eval- cern under the prevailing standards are outlined in
uation. Please refer to our audit approach on fraud the “Description of responsibilities regarding the
risks related for more information about this evalua- financial statements” section below. In fulfilling our
tion. As a result of our risk assessment procedures, responsibilities, we performed procedures includ-
and while realising that the effects from non-com- ing evaluating management’s assessment of the
pliance could considerably vary, we considered the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern
following laws and regulations: (corporate) tax law, and considering the impact of financial, operational,
the requirements under the International Financial and other conditions. Based on these procedures,
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European we did not identify any reportable findings related
Union(EU-IFRS) and Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil to the entity’s ability to continue as a going concern.
Code with a direct effect on the financial statements
as an integrated part of our audit procedures, to the OUR KEY AUDIT MATTERS
extent material for the financial statements.
We obtained sufficient appropriate audit evi- Key audit matters are those matters that, in our pro-
dence regarding provisions of those laws and reg- fessional judgment, were of most significance in
ulations generally recognised to have a direct effect our audit of the financial statements. These matters
on the financial statements. were addressed in the context of the audit of the fi-
Apart from these, the entity is subject to other laws nancial statements as a whole, and in forming our
and regulations where the consequences of non-com- opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
pliance could have a material effect on amounts and/ opinion on these matters. We have communicated
or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance, the key audit matters to those charged with gover-
through imposing fines or litigation. nance. The key audit matters are not a comprehen-
Given the nature of the entity's business and sive reflection of all matters discussed.
the complexity of these other laws and regulations,
there is a risk of non-compliance with the require-
ments of such laws and regulations.
494
INTANGIBLE ASSETS – DEVELOPMENT For additions, we verified that capitalised projects
COSTS — REFER TO NOTES 2 AND 14 TO THE met IAS 38 criteria for capitalisation and remained
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS commercially viable, through:
Analysis of project details including evidence of
DESCRIPTION external costs and internal costs.
Testing supporting evidence including invoices
The financial statements as of 31 December 2025, and time sheets for the Development costs cap-
include Intangible assets – development costs italised.
(“Development costs”) with a net carrying amount of In addition, for the selected new capitalised proj-
Euro 1,595.8 million. ects we performed specific inquiry with man-
Development costs for car production and agement and inspected supporting documenta-
related components, engines and systems, are rec- tion to assess the nature of the project.
ognised as an asset if the conditions under IAS 38 -
Intangible Assets are met, including, among others: We verified to the supporting evidence that reclas-
(i) development costs can be measured reliably, (ii) sifications from development costs in progress to
the technical feasibility of the product, estimated vol- development costs amortised were appropriate.
umes and expected pricing all support the view that
the development expenditure will generate future We evaluated the reasonableness of manage-
economic benefits, and (iii) the company has the ment’s estimates, including management’s ba-
intention to complete the development and the abil- sis and approach for considering the impacts
ity to use the intangible asset. All other research and of changes in the regulatory environment, for a
development costs are expensed as incurred. sample of projects:
We identified Development costs as a critical inquiring of the Company's executives
audit matter because of the significant estimates and to understand the business initiatives
judgements management makes when determining supporting the assumptions related to tested
if a project has met the IAS 38 conditions related development projects;
to assessing the technical feasibility of the project, comparing Group’s forecast revenue,
including the intention to complete the development EBITDA, Operating Profit (EBIT) and Industrial
and the ability to use the intangible asset, and the Free Cash flow to actual results to evaluate
realisation of an expected future economic benefit. management’s ability to accurately forecast
This required a high degree of auditor judgment and the future values;
an increased extent of effort when performing audit evaluating historical trends in revenue and
procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of man- the associated costs of production and
agement’s assessment of the classification of capi- Development costs amortisation.
talisation or expense of Development costs. We verified, on a sample basis, that the costs
recorded as research expensed through
HOW THE KEY AUDIT MATTER WAS profit and loss were not eligible for capitalisa-
ADDRESSED IN THE AUDIT tion, and therefore not included in capitalised
Development costs.
Our audit procedures related to management’s
judgments regarding the capitalisation or ex- OBSERVATIONS
pense of Development costs included the following,
among others: The scope and nature of the procedures performed
were appropriate and sufficient to address the key
We evaluated management’s policies and pro- audit matter. Our procedures did not result in any re-
cedures for identifying the Development costs portable matters.
to be capitalised and the criteria used for capital-
isation including the consistency to those adopt- REPORT ON THE OTHER INFORMATION
ed in previous years. INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
We tested the effectiveness of controls over the
capitalised Development costs process, includ- The annual report contains other information, in ad-
ing those related to the verification of capitalisa- dition to the financial statements and our auditor's
tion requirements, product initiatives approval report thereon.
and spending allocation, and costs monitoring. The other information consists of:
We obtained and analyzed the details of the cap-
italised Development costs by project, on a sam- The board report.
ple basis, for the 2025 additions and reclassifi- Other Information as required by Part 9 of Book
cations from costs in progress to additions that 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.
occurred in the year. Other Information included in the Annual Report.
495
Based on the following procedures performed, we agement combines the various components into
conclude that the other information: one single reporting package.
Our responsibility is to obtain reasonable assur-
Is consistent with the financial statements and ance for our opinion whether the annual report in this
does not contain material misstatements. reporting package complies with the RTS on ESEF.
Contains all the information regarding the We performed our examination in accordance
management report and the other information with Dutch law, including Dutch Standard 3950N
as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch ‘Assurance-opdrachten inzake het voldoen aan de cri-
Civil Code. teria voor het opstellen van een digitaal verantwoor-
dingsdocument’ (assurance engagements relating to
We have read the other information. Based on our compliance with criteria for digital reporting).
knowledge and understanding obtained through Our examination included amongst others:
our audit of the financial statements or otherwise,
we have considered whether the other information Obtaining an understanding of the company's fi-
contains material misstatements. nancial reporting process, including the prepa-
By performing these procedures, we comply ration of the reporting package.
with the requirements of Part 9 of Book 2 of the Identifying and assessing the risks that the an-
Dutch Civil Code and the Dutch Standard 720. The nual report does not comply in all material re-
scope of the procedures performed is substantially spects with the RTS on ESEF and designing and
less than the scope of those performed in our audit performing further assurance procedures re-
of the financial statements. sponsive to those risks to provide a basis for our
The board is responsible for the preparation of opinion, including:
the other information, including the board of direc- obtaining the reporting package and
tors Report in accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of performing validations to determine whether
the Dutch Civil Code. the reporting package containing the Inline
XBRL instance, and the XBRL extension
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND taxonomy files has been prepared in
REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS AND ESEF accordance with the technical specifications
as included in the RTS on ESEF;
examining the information related to the
ENGAGEMENT consolidated financial statements in the
reporting package to determine whether all
We were engaged by the annual meeting of share- required mark-ups have been applied and
holders as auditor of Ferrari N.V. in the general meet- whether these are in accordance with the
ing held on 13 April 2022, as of the audit for the year RTS on ESEF.
2023 and have operated as statutory auditor ever
since that financial year. DESCRIPTION OF RESPONSIBILITIES
REGARDING THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NO PROHIBITED NON-AUDIT SERVICES
We have not provided prohibited non-audit services RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE BOARD FOR THE
as referred to in Article 5(1) of the EU Regulation on FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
specific requirements regarding statutory audit of
public-interest entities. The board is responsible for the preparation and
fair presentation of the financial statements in ac-
EUROPEAN SINGLE ELECTRONIC FORMAT cordance with EU-IFRS and Part 9 of Book 2 of the
(ESEF) Dutch Civil Code. Furthermore, the board is respon-
sible for such internal control as the board deter-
Ferrari N.V. has prepared its annual report in mines is necessary to enable the preparation of the
ESEF. The requirements for this are set out in the financial statements that are free from material mis-
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815 with regard to statement, whether due to fraud or error.
regulatory technical standards on the specification As part of the preparation of the financial state-
of a single electronic reporting format (hereinafter: ments, the board is responsible for assessing the
the RTS on ESEF). company's ability to continue as a going concern.
In our opinion, the annual report, prepared in Based on the financial reporting frameworks men-
XHTML format, including the (partly) marked-up tioned, the board should prepare the financial state-
consolidated financial statements, as included in ments using the going concern basis of accounting
the reporting package by Ferrari N.V. complies in all unless the board either intends to liquidate the com-
material respects with the RTS on ESEF. pany or to cease operations, or has no realistic alter-
Management is responsible for preparing the native but to do so.
annual report including the financial statements in
accordance with the RTS on ESEF, whereby man-
496
The board should disclose events and circumstanc- opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit
es that may cast significant doubt on the company's evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's
ability to continue as a going concern in the financial report. However, future events or conditions
statements. may cause the company to cease to continue as
a going concern.
OUR RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE Evaluating the overall presentation, structure
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS and content of the financial statements, includ-
ing the disclosures.
Our responsibility is to plan and perform the audit Evaluating whether the financial statements rep-
assignment in a manner that allows us to obtain suf- resent the underlying transactions and events in
ficient and appropriate audit evidence for our opin- a manner that achieves fair presentation.
ion.
Our audit has been performed with a high, but We are responsible for planning and performing
not absolute, level of assurance, which means we the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate au-
may not detect all material misstatements, whether dit evidence regarding the financial information of
due to fraud or error, during our audit. the entities or business units within the group as a
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error basis for forming an opinion on the financial state-
and are considered material if, individually or in the ments. We are also responsible for the direction, su-
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to pervision and review of the audit work performed
influence the economic decisions of users taken on for purposes of the group audit. We bear the full re-
the basis of these financial statements. The material- sponsibility for the auditor’s report.
ity affects the nature, timing and extent of our audit We communicate with those charged with
procedures and the evaluation of the effect of iden- governance regarding, among other matters, the
tified misstatements on our opinion. planned scope and timing of the audit and signifi-
We have exercised professional judgment and cant audit findings, including any significant findings
have maintained professional scepticism through- in internal control that we identified during our audit.
out the audit, in accordance with Dutch Standards In this respect we also submit an additional
on Auditing, ethical requirements and independence report to the audit committee in accordance with
requirements. Our audit included among others: Article 11 of the EU Regulation on specific require-
ments regarding statutory audit of public-interest
Identifying and assessing the risks of material entities. The information included in this additional
misstatement of the financial statements, wheth- report is consistent with our audit opinion in this
er due to fraud or error, designing and perform- auditor's report.
ing audit procedures responsive to those risks, We provide the audit committee with a statement
and obtaining audit evidence that is sufficient that we have complied with relevant ethical require-
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opin- ments regarding independence, and to communi-
ion. The risk of not detecting a material misstate- cate with them all relationships and other matters
ment resulting from fraud is higher than for one that may reasonably be thought to bear on our inde-
resulting from error, as fraud may involve col- pendence, and where applicable, related safeguard.
lusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepre- From the matters communicated with the audit
sentations, or the override of internal control. committee, we determine the key audit matters:
Obtaining an understanding of internal control those matters that were of most significance in the
relevant to the audit in order to design audit audit of the financial statements. We describe these
procedures that are appropriate in the circum- matters in our auditor's report unless law or regula-
stances, but not for the purpose of expressing tion precludes public disclosure about the matter or
an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's when, in extremely rare circumstances, not commu-
internal control. nicating the matter is in the public interest.
Evaluating the appropriateness of account-
ing policies used and the reasonableness of
accounting estimates and related disclosures
made by the board.
Concluding on the appropriateness of the Utrecht, 19 February 2026
board's use of the going concern basis of ac-
counting, and based on the audit evidence ob- Deloitte Accountants B.V.
tained, whether a material uncertainty exists M.R. van Leeuwen
related to events or conditions that may cast
significant doubt on the company's ability to con-
tinue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
material uncertainty exists, we are required to
draw attention in our auditor's report to the re-
lated disclosures in the financial statements or, if
such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
497
LIMITED ASSURANCE-REPORT OF standards) of the International Ethics Standards
THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR ON THE Board for Accountants (the IESBA Code).
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT We believe that the assurance evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our conclusion.
To the Shareholders and Audit
Committee of Ferrari N.V. EMPHASIS OF MATTER
OUR CONCLUSION
EMPHASIS ON THE MOST SIGNIFICANT
We have performed a limited assurance engage- UNCERTAINTIES AFFECTING THE
ment on the (consolidated) sustainability statement QUANTITATIVE METRICS
for 2025 of Ferrari N.V. based in Amsterdam (herein-
after: the company) included in the section “sustain- We draw attention to section ‘Basis for preparation’
ability statements” of the accompanying manage- in the sustainability statements that identifies the
ment report including the information incorporated quantitative metrics that are subject to a high level
in the sustainability statement by reference (herein- of measurement uncertainty refer to the relevant
after: the sustainability statement). sections within the disclosure where information
Based on our procedures performed and the about the sources of measurement uncertainty and
assurance evidence obtained, nothing has come to the assumptions, approximations and judgements
our attention that causes us to believe that the sus- the company has made in measuring these in com-
tainability statement is not, in all material respects: pliance with the ESRS.
The comparability of sustainability information
Prepared in accordance with the European between entities and over time may be affected by
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) as ad- the lack of historical sustainability information in
opted by the European Commission and in accor- accordance with the ESRS and by the absence of a
dance with the double materiality assessment uniform practice on which to draw, to evaluate and
process carried out by the company to identify measure this information. This allows for the appli-
the information reported pursuant to the ESRS. cation of different, but acceptable, measurement
Compliant with the reporting requirements pro- techniques, especially in the initial years.
vided for in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852
(Taxonomy Regulation). EMPHASIS ON THE DOUBLE MATERIALITY
ASSESSMENT PROCESS
BASIS FOR OUR CONCLUSION
We draw attention to section ‘Statement on due dil-
We have performed our limited assurance engage- igence’, ‘Interests and views of stakeholders’ and
ment on the sustainability statement in accordance ‘Double Materiality Assessment Methodology’ in the
with Dutch law, including Dutch Standard 3810N, sustainability statement. This disclosure explains
'Assurance-opdrachten inzake duurzaamheidsver- future improvements in the ongoing due diligence
slaggeving' (Assurance engagements relating to process and that Ferrari considers double mate-
sustainability reporting) which is a specified Dutch riality assessment as an ongoing process. Due dili-
standard that is based on the International Standard gence is an on-going practice that responds to and
on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised) may trigger changes in the company’s strategy,
’Assurance engagements other than audits or re- business model, activities, business relationships,
views of historical financial information’. operating, sourcing and selling contexts. The dou-
Our responsibilities in this regard are further ble materiality assessment process may also be
described in the section ‘Our responsibilities for the impacted in time by sector-specific standards to
limited assurance engagement on the sustainability be adopted or developments in stakeholder expec-
statement’ of our report. tations, regulatory developments, changes in risk
We are independent of Ferrari N.V. in accor- management or new business developments. The
dance with the ‘Verordening inzake de onafhanke- sustainability statement may not include every im-
lijkheid van accountants bij assurance-opdrachten’ pact, risk and opportunity or additional entity-spe-
(ViO, Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, cific disclosure that each individual stakeholder
a regulation with respect to independence) and (group) may consider important in its own particu-
other relevant independence regulations in the lar assessment.
Netherlands. Furthermore, we have complied Our conclusion is not modified in respect of
with the ‘Verordening gedrags- en beroepsre- these matters.
gels accountants’ (VGBA, Dutch Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants).
The ViO and VGBA are at least as demanding
as the International code of ethics for professional
accountants (including International independence
499
LIMITATIONS TO THE SCOPE OF OUR We apply the applicable quality management re-
ASSURANCE ENGAGEMENT quirements pursuant to the ‘Nadere voorschriften
kwaliteitsmanagement’ (NV KM, regulations for qual-
In reporting forward-looking information in accor- ity management) and the International Standard
dance with the ESRS, the board of directors of the on Quality Management (ISQM) 1, and accordingly
company is required to prepare the forward-look- maintain a comprehensive system of quality man-
ing information on the basis of disclosed assump- agement including documented policies and proce-
tions about events that may occur in the future dures regarding compliance with ethical require-
and possible future actions by the company. The ments, professional standards and other relevant
actual outcome is likely to be different since antici- legal and regulatory requirements.
pated events frequently do not occur as expected. Our limited assurance engagement included
Forward-looking information relates to events and among others:
actions that have not yet occurred and may never
occur. We do not provide assurance on the achiev- Performing inquiries and an analysis of the exter-
ability of this forward-looking information. nal environment and obtaining an understanding
Our conclusion is not modified in respect of of relevant sustainability themes and issues, the
this matter. characteristics of the company, its activities and
the value chain and its key intangible resources in
RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE BOARD OF order to assess the double materiality assessment
DIRECTORS FOR THE SUSTAINABILITY process carried out by the company as the basis
STATEMENT for the sustainability statement and disclosure of
all material sustainability-related impacts, risks
The board of directors are responsible for the and opportunities in accordance with the ESRS.
preparation of the sustainability statement in ac- Obtaining through inquiries a general under-
cordance with the ESRS, including the double ma- standing of the internal control environment,
teriality assessment process carried out by the the company’s processes for gathering and
company as the basis for the sustainability state- reporting entity-related and value chain infor-
ment and disclosure of material impacts, risks and mation, the information systems and the com-
opportunities in accordance with the ESRS. As pany’s risk assessment process relevant to the
part of the preparation of the sustainability state- preparation of the sustainability statement and
ment, the board of directors are responsible for for identifying the company’s activities, deter-
compliance with the reporting requirements pro- mining eligible and aligned economic activities
vided for in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 and prepare the disclosures provided for in
(Taxonomy Regulation). Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy
Furthermore, the board of directors are respon- Regulation), without obtaining assurance infor-
sible for such internal control as it determines is nec- mation about the implementation, or testing the
essary to enable the preparation of the sustainability operating effectiveness, of controls.
statement that is free from material misstatement, Assessing the double materiality assessment
whether due to fraud or error. process carried out by the company and iden-
The Audit Committee is responsible for over- tifying and assessing areas of the sustainabili-
seeing the sustainability reporting process and ty statement, including the disclosures provid-
approves the double materiality assessment pro- ed for in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852
cess carried out by the company. (Taxonomy Regulation) where misleading or
unbalanced information or material misstate-
OUR RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE LIMITED ments, whether due to fraud or error, are likely
ASSURANCE ENGAGEMENT ON THE to arise (‘selected disclosures’).
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT We designed and performed further assurance
procedures aimed at assessing that the sustain-
Our responsibility is to plan and perform the limited ability statement is free from material misstate-
assurance engagement in a manner that allows us ments responsive to this risk analysis.
to obtain sufficient appropriate assurance evidence Considering whether the description of the
for our conclusion. double materiality assessment process in the
Our assurance engagement is aimed to obtain sustainability statement made by the board of
a limited level of assurance that the sustainability directors appears consistent with the process
statement is free from material misstatements. carried out by the company.
The procedures vary in nature and timing from, Performing analytical review procedures on
and are less in extent than for a reasonable assur- quantitative information in the sustainability
ance engagement. Consequently, the level of statement, including consideration of data and
assurance obtained in a limited assurance engage- trends in the information submitted for consol-
ment is substantially lower than the assurance that idation at corporate level.
would have been obtained had a reasonable assur- Assessing whether the company’s methods for
ance engagement been performed. developing estimates are appropriate and have
500
been consistently applied for selected disclo-
sures. We considered data and trends; however,
our procedures did not include testing the data
on which the estimates are based or separately
developing our own estimates against which to
evaluate the Board of Director’s estimates.
Analysing, on a limited sample basis, relevant in-
ternal and external documentation available to
the company (including publicly available infor-
mation or information from actors throughout
its value chain) for selected disclosures.
Reading the other information in the annual re-
port to identify material inconsistencies, if any,
with the sustainability statement.
Considering whether:
the disclosures provided to address the
reporting requirements provided for
in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852
(Taxonomy Regulation) for each of the
environmental objectives, reconcile with
the underlying records of the company, are
consistent or coherent with the sustainability
statement and appear reasonable, in
particular whether the eligible economic
activities meet the cumulative conditions to
qualify as aligned and whether the technical
screening criteria are met;
the key performance indicators disclosures
have been defined and calculated in
accordance with the Taxonomy reference
framework as defined in Appendix 1 Glossary
of Terms of the CEAOB Guidelines on limited
assurance on sustainability reporting adopted
on 30 September 2024 and in compliance
with the reporting requirements provided
for in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852
(Taxonomy Regulation), including the format
in which the activities are presented.
Considering the overall presentation, structure
and the fundamental qualitative characteristics
of information (relevance and faithful represen-
tation: complete, neutral and accurate) reported
in the sustainability statement, including the re-
porting requirements provided for in Article 8 of
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation).
Considering, based on our limited assurance
procedures and evaluation of the assurance
evidence obtained, whether the sustainability
statement as a whole is free from material mis-
statements and prepared in accordance with
the ESRS.
Utrecht, 19 February 2026
Deloitte Accountants B.V.
M.R. van Leeuwen
501
NOTES
505
NOTES
NOTES
activity causes no significant harm
(1) The Patent Box regime was firstly (8) Dealer engagement activities do not to any of the other environmental ob-
introduced by the Italian Law No. include workers in the value chain. jectives. In June 2023, the Commission
190/2014 and implemented by the approved new criteria for economic
Group until 2024, recognizing the tax (9) We identify our clients as Ferraristi. activities contributing to the remaining
benefit over three annual installments 4 environmental objectives (in addition
starting from 2020. This regime was (10) “EFRAG IG 1: Materiality assessment to the first two objectives of climate
based on a tax exemption (up to 50%) implementation guidance”. change mitigation and adaptation to
of the extra profit attributable to eligi- climate change) and amendments to
ble intangible assets. The new Patent (11) All material negative impacts on delegated climate acts.
Box regime regulated by Law Decree social topics are related to individual - Commission Delegated Regulation
No. 146, effective from October 22, incidents. (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022
2021, provides for a 110% super tax amending Delegated Regulation (EU)
deduction for costs relating to eligible (12) We consider as short-term time 2021/2139 as regards economic activ-
intangible assets. The Italian tax legis- horizon within 1 year; for the medi- ities in certain energy sectors (Comple-
lation allowed for a transitional period um-term time horizon between 1 and mentary Climate Delegated Act).
where both regimes coexisted until 5 years; and for the long-term time - Commission Delegated Regula-
2024 when the original regime ended. horizon beyond 5 years. tion (EU) 2023/2485 of June 27, 2023
amending Delegated Regulation (EU)
(2) References in this table to Directors (13) For the composition of the value chain 2021/2139 establishing additional tech-
refer to Ferrari N.V. The Board of Direc- of Ferrari N.V. please refer to “ESRS nical screening criteria for determining
tors is appointed annually on each an- 2—General disclosures—Strategy, the conditions under which certain eco-
nual general meeting of shareholders. business model and value chain”. nomic activities qualify as contributing
substantially to climate change mitiga-
(3) Directorships in listed companies oth- (14) Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the Euro- tion or climate change adaptation and
er than in the Company. pean Parliament and of the Council of for determining whether those activi-
June 18, 2020 on the establishment of ties cause no significant harm to any of
(4) Mr. John Elkann is Executive Director a framework to facilitate sustainable the other environmental objectives.
from April 12, 2019. investment and amending Regulation - Commission Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2019/2088. (EU) 2023/2486 of June 27, 2023 sup-
(5) Mr. Benedetto Vigna was confirmed as plementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852
Chief Executive Officer by the Board of (15) - Commission Delegated Regulation of the European Parliament and of the
Directors as of April 16, 2025. (EU) 2021/2139 of June 4, 2021 supple- Council by establishing the technical
menting Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of screening criteria for determining the
(6) The Diversity Policy is applicable to all the European Parliament and of the conditions under which an econom-
board members of Ferrari N.V., ac- Council by establishing the technical ic activity qualifies as contributing
cording to Dutch law, and it is drafted screening criteria for determining the substantially to the sustainable use
taking into account the interests of the conditions under which an economic and protection of water and marine
Board of Directors itself. activity qualifies as contributing sub- resources, to the transition to a circu-
stantially to climate change mitigation lar economy, to pollution prevention
(7) Supplier engagement activities do not or climate change adaptation and for and control, or to the protection and
include workers in the value chain. determining whether that economic restoration of biodiversity and ecosys-
506
NOTES
tems and for determining whether that as well as the section number of the for 99,8% and the remaining part
economic activity causes no significant activity in the relevant Annex covering is calculated using “2024 European
harm to any of the other environmental the objective, i.e.: Climate Change Residual Mixes, V.1.0”, published by
objectives and amending Commission Mitigation: CCM; Climate Change Ad- AIB. In 2024, the Guarantees of Origin
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 aptation: CCA; Water and Marine Re- coverage amounted to 99,7% and
as regards specific public disclosures sources: WTR; Circular Economy: CE; the remaining part was calculated
for those economic activities. Pollution Prevention and Control: PPC; using “2023 European Residual Mixes,
- Commission Delegated Regulation Biodiversity and ecosystems: BIO. V.1.0”, published by AIB.
(EU) 2026/73 of July 4, 2025 amending
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) (21) The financial data included in these (37) The energy intensity is calculated
2021/2178 as regards the simplification KPIs are a portion of group Operating considering the revenue of the entire
of the content and presentation of infor- Expenditures included in the Consoli- Group.
mation to be disclosed concerning en- dated Financial Statements.
vironmentally sustainable activities and (38) The emissions reported for 2025 have
Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 (22) The “code” constitutes the abbre- been calculated according to the
and (EU) 2023/2486 as regards sim- viation of the relevant objective to requirements of ISO 14064-1:2018 This
plification of certain technical screen- which the economic activity is eligible standard allows for judgment calls re-
ing criteria for determining whether to make a substantial contribution, sulting in a range of possible outcomes.
economic activities cause no significant as well as the section number of the Therefore, no comparison of the
harm to environmental objectives. activity in the relevant Annex covering disclosed data is possible with other
the objective, i.e.: Climate Change studies unless methodology and data
(16) Commission Delegated Regulation Mitigation: CCM; Climate Change Ad- assumptions are exactly the same.
(EU) 2021/2178 of July 6, 2021 supple- aptation: CCA; Water and Marine Re- The GWP 100 of the “Sixth Assessment
menting Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of sources: WTR; Circular Economy: CE; Report” published by the IPCC has been
the European Parliament and of the Pollution Prevention and Control: PPC; used. The gases included in the calcu-
Council by specifying the content and Biodiversity and ecosystems: BIO. lation of the GHG emissions are: CO,
presentation of information to be dis- CH4, N2O, HFCs and other refrigerant
closed by undertakings subject to Arti- (23) We do not have a net-zero target. gases, whereas PFC, SF6 and NF3
cles 19a or 29a of Directive 2013/34/ emissions are not considered.
EU concerning environmentally (24) Subject to final guidance by the GHG
sustainable economic activities, and Protocol. (39) We consider as under our operation-
specifying the methodology to comply al control the museum Enzo Ferrari
with that disclosure obligation. (25) Process for identifying and assessing in Modena, as we have the ability to
- Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) a potential range of outcomes of fu- direct the operational activities and
2026/73 amending Commission Dele- ture events under conditions of uncer- relationships of the site.
gated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 as re- tainty related to Climate Change.
gards the simplification of the content (40) The Scope 1&2 target is indicated in
and presentation of information to be (26) Istituto Superiore per la Protezione e Scope 1, Scope 3 specific targets are
disclosed concerning environmentally la Ricerca Ambientale - ISPRA. indicated in table “E1—Climate change—
sustainable activities and Commission Targets related to Climate Change”.
Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 (27) Climate change adaptation is man-
and (EU) 2023/2486 as regards sim- aged through actions rather than a (41) Direct greenhouse gas emissions,
plification of certain technical screen- dedicated policy. measured in tons of CO , were calcu-
ing criteria for determining whether lated using emission factors indicated
economic activities cause no significant (28) No stakeholders were involved in the in “Ecoinvent 3.11” database.
harm to environmental objectives. definition of environmental targets.
(42) Market-based indirect greenhouse gas
(17) The financial data included in these (29) The companies reported in the para- emissions, measured in tons of CO ,
KPIs are a portion of group net rev- graph “Scope of consolidation”. were calculated using the Residual Mix
enues included in the Consolidated emission factors indicated in “2024
Financial Statements, Note 4 and (30) The perimeter in scope covers more European Residual Mixes, V.1.0”, pub-
“Financial Overview—Results of Oper- than 90 percent of Scope 3 emissions. lished by AIB, and “Emissions Factors
ations” sections. Capital Goods, employee commuting 2025”, published by International Ener-
and business travel categories are out gy Agency (IEA). The Group purchases
(18) The “code” constitutes the abbre- of scope for the Scope 3 target. Guarantee of Origin (GO) certificates
viation of the relevant objective to in order to reduce the impact of CO
which the economic activity is eligible (31) Biomethane certificates are subject emissions in the atmosphere.
to make a substantial contribution, to final guidance by the GHG Protocol
as well as the section number of the (dashed-line in the graph below). (43) Location-based indirect greenhouse
activity in the relevant Annex cover- gas emissions, measured in tons of
ing the objective, i.e.: Climate Change (32) Further actions to be detailed later CO , were calculated using the emis-
Mitigation: CCM; Climate Change (dashed line in the graph below). sion factor indicated in “Emissions
Adaptation: CCA; Water and Marine Factors 2025”, published by Interna-
Resources: WTR; Circular Economy: (33) The entire group falls within the C29 tional Energy Agency (IEA).
CE; Pollution Prevention and Control: NACE code.
PPC; Biodiversity and ecosystems: BIO. (44) We consider as under our operation-
(34) The conversion factor used for natu- al control the museum Enzo Ferrari
(19) The financial data included in these ral gas is 0.0099 MWh/smc. in Modena, as we have the ability to
KPIs are a portion of group Capital Ex- direct the operational activities and
penditures included in the Consolidated (35) The conversion factors used for Diesel relationships of the site.
Financial Statements, notes 14 and 15. fuel is 0.00988 MWh/L and for Gaso-
line fuel 0.00899 MWh/L. (45) The perimeter in scope covers more
(20) The “code” constitutes the abbre- than 90 percent of Scope 3 emissions.
viation of the relevant objective to (36) In 2025, the total purchased elec- Capital Goods, employee commuting
which the economic activity is eligible tricity from renewable sources is and business travel categories are out
to make a substantial contribution, covered by guarantees of origin of scope for the Scope 3 target.
507
NOTES
from 1,970.07 tons to 2,155.39 tons; refer to the FLT members reporting
(46) The Scope 1&2 target is indicated total amount of substances of very directly to the Chief Executive Officer.
in Scope 1, Scope 3 specific targets high concern from 0.09 tons to 176.08
are indicated in table “E1—Climate tons. Whereas for the total amounts (71) The definition of ill-heath includes the
change—Targets related to Climate of substances leaving the facilities as diseases of “ILO List of Occupational
Change”. products, no differences emerged Diseases”.
from the modified methodology.
(47) The gross Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG (72) Change in preparation of sustainability
emissions do not include any re- (59) Change in preparation of sustainabil- information: the methodology has been
movals, or any purchased, sold or ity information: the methodology has updated compared to the one applied
transferred carbon credits or GHG been updated compared to the one in 2024 to improve the final accuracy
allowances. applied in 2024 to improve the final ac- of the figures, taking into consider-
curacy of the figures. Under the 2025 ation also the variable component of
(48) As defined in the ISO 14064-1. methodology, the 2024 overall total Ferrari’s remuneration. Under the 2025
weight of products and technical and methodology, the 2024 total gender
(49) As defined in the GHG protocol: suppli- biological materials, including packag- pay gap is restated to guarantee com-
er-specific method uses primary data ing, is restated to guarantee compara- parability from -8.2% to -1.2% (Manag-
from the supplier; distance based bility from 34,199 tons to 32,272 tons. ers and Senior Managers from 2.5% to
method uses the mass, distance, and -2.7%; Middle Managers from -5.3% to
mode of each shipment, then ap- (60) Lifespans of passenger cars in 1.9%; White collars from 2.7% to 7.5%;
plies the appropriate mass-distance Europe: empirical modelling of fleet and Blue collars from 6.9% to 4.6%).
emission factor for the vehicle used turnover dynamics - Maximilian Held,
; activity data uses specific emission Nicolas Rosat, Gil Georges, Hermann (73) The Total Annual Remuneration of
factors together with available activity Pengg & Konstantinos Boulouchos – the CEO includes €2,955,387, recog-
data (mass, energy consumption, etc); European Transport Research Review. nized as share-based compensation
average data method uses industrial expense during the years ended
average emission factors together (61) As described in table E5-4 (Total re- December 31, 2025, for equity awards
with available activity data; spend source inflow) the methodology was granted under the Group’s equity
base method uses the economic value updated in 2025, the 2024 total weight incentive plans, for which the vesting
of a good or a service together with a is restated from 32,471 to 30,460 tons and receipt of the awards is subject
secondary data emission factor. and the 2024 total recyclable content to certain performance and service
in products is restated from 27,600 to conditions. See also “Remuneration of
(50) The GHG emissions of this category 25,891 tons. Directors—Directors’ compensation”
were calculated using the emission and “Remuneration of Directors—
factors of the Ecoinvent database (62) The calculation of the recyclability Share-based compensation of execu-
(v3.11) through the SimaPro tool. rates is in accordance with the stan- tive Directors”.
dard ISO 22628:2002.
(51) The GHG emissions of this category (74) The annual total remuneration in-
were calculated using the emission (63) D9: Physico-chemical treatment re- cludes base salary, short-term incen-
factors indicated in “ghg-conversion- sulting in final compounds or mixtures tives, competitiveness bonuses, long-
factors-2025-full_set; v1.0”, published which are discarded by any of the term incentives, one-time bonuses or
by the Department for Energy Security operations numbered D1 to D12, e.g. other bonuses paid during the year,
and Net Zero (DESNZ) of the UK gov- evaporation, drying, calcination. cash allowances and benefits in kind,
ernment. D15: Storage pending any of the oper- such as cars, housing, private health
ations numbered D1 to D14 (excluding insurance, wellness programs and an-
(52) The GHG emissions of this category temporary storage, pending collec- nual retention bonuses provided to the
were calculated using the Extended tion, on the site where it is produced). organization’s highest-paid individual
Environmental Input-Output (EEIO) fac- and to all employees over the course
tors indicated in “Consumption based (64) The statistical data is based on official of a year. For the purpose of calcu-
accounting tool: 2022”, published by information sourced from each coun- lating the annual total remuneration,
Eurostat. try’s respective authorities. full-time equivalent (FTE) pay rates are
used for each part-time employee and
(53) The GHG emissions of this category (65) These policies are part of “Quality, total target amounts of bonuses and
were calculated using the emission safety and environment” integrated incentives were considered.
factors of the WLTP homologation in policy for Ferrari S.p.A. and part of
the European Union. “Environmental, Safety, Quality and (75) Drive Sustainability is a partnership
Sustainability” integrated policy for between leading automotive compa-
(54) The GHG emissions of this category Mugello Circuit S.p.A.. nies. The mission of the partnership is
were calculated using the “Emission to work together to improve the social,
factors 2025”, published by the Inter- (66) Employees who have participated in ethical and environmental perfor-
national Energy Agency (IEA) the previous editions of the master’s mance of automotive supply chains.
degrees.
(55) Registration, Evaluation, Authorization (76) The activity refers to all direct
and Restriction of Chemicals. (67) One Ferrari Performance and Feed- suppliers and Ferrari S.p.A. indirect
back process refers to our perfor- suppliers. For the other subsidiaries
(56) Classification, labeling, and packaging mance management process. it applies if the order is above the
of substances and mixtures. threshold of Euro 150 thousand.
(68) For more information, please refer to
(57) All MDR-P applied for “Approval of “S3—Affected Communities—Action (77) The questionnaire is administered
auxiliary and direct materials, storage related to Affected Communities”. per plant, so if a supplier has several
management” refers also to “CMR plants (or factories), each of them
mixture/substances derogation”. (69) Managerial positions refer to “Manag- must complete its own questionnaire.
ers and Senior Managers” and “Middle
(58) Under the 2025 methodology, the 2024 Managers”. (78) Within the risk assessment carried
total amount of substances of concern out by the Compliance function, the
used during production or procured is (70) With the term Senior Managers we definition of function is a specific area
restated to guarantee comparability
508
NOTES
of activity or responsibility within the
OTHER NOTES
organization based on the type of
work performed or the goals to be
achieved. (1) The total annual remuneration of the
CEO includes all remuneration com-
(79) Since the Racing Revenues depart- ponents (such as fixed remuneration,
ment has already been trained in variable remuneration in cash (bonus),
2024, the 2025 risk-based activities the share-based portion of the remu-
focused on the remaining two depart- neration (value of the share-based
ments. payment is determined at the time of
allocation in line with the applicable
(80) In line with the European Commission regulations under IFRS Accounting
Recommendation 2003/361/CE, we Standards), social premiums, pension,
consider as SMEs the companies that expense allowance, et cetera), as
do not exceed two out of three of the included in the (consolidated) financial
following thresholds for two consec- statements on an IFRS Accounting
utive years: number of employees Standards basis.
>250, turnover > € 50 million, and total
assets > €43million. (2) The average annual remuneration
of the employees is determined by
dividing the total wage costs in the
financial year (as included in the (con-
solidated) financial statements on an
IFRS Accounting Standards basis) by
the average number of FTEs during
the financial year. Hiring of external
employees is taken into account on a
pro rata basis, insofar as these are
hired for at least three months during
the financial year.
509